BLOG POSTS:

	
		
	
		
 

CURRENT READING:
	Philosophy:
		Myth Of Sisyphus
	Queer Theory:
		Polysecure
	Sociology:
		?
	Leftist Theory:
		?
	General Leftism:
		?
	Anarchy:
		
		

	
FROM OTHER PEOPLE:
	Kenise (LZ):
		All About Love, Hood Feminism, You Are the Placebo, The Five People that You Meet in Heaven, and Women Who Run with the Wolves.


MINDFULNESS:
	On Having No Head: Zen and the Rediscovery of the Obvious by Douglas Harding
	John Cabot then
	mindfulness in plain English
	the untethered soul
	Joseph Goldstein
HEALTH:
	The Brain 'S Way Of Healing (For)
	
Communism
	
	marx by Andrew Collier
Anarchy
	How I Found Freedom in an Unfree World
	The Problem of Political Authority

	anarchy works
	what is property - Proudhonu
	Anarchism and Other Essays (Goldman) / Anarchy (Malatesta) / "Anarchism" from Encyclopaedia Britannica (Kropotkin)
	God and the State (Bakunin)
	Anarchism: Its Philosophy and Ideal (Kropotkin)
	Anarchy Works (Gelderloos)
	Anarchy In Action (Ward)
	A Short History of Anarchism (Nettlau)
	
	The Conquest of Bread by Peter Kropotkin. It is old, a classic, but it provides examples rather than formal/philosophic arguments so it is still quite readable and relevant today. It will give you a good idea of where modern anarchist communists are coming from.
	
	A People's History of the United States by Howard Zinn. It is long and sometimes repetitive, but each chapter can be read independently so you don't need to read it cover-to-cover. It provides a view of American history from a working-class perspective including the many contributions of anarchist and other socialist movements.
	
	A book like Paul Eltzbacher's The Great Anarchists: Ideas and Teachings of Seven Major Thinkers which provides an overview of the various anarchist founding philosophers is a good idea.
	
	I think Peter Gelderloos writes clear introductory material. I've not read his latest (The Failure of Nonviolence), but you can read Anarchy Works online.
	
	John Holloway's Crack Capitalism [pdf] is an introduction to a libertarian Marxist approach to resisting capitalism and the state. It might be too "lifestyle" for some people's tastes (he suggests reading a book in a park instead of going to work as an anti-capitalist action, for example).
	
	It's a bit outside the main thrust of the anarchist tradition (which is often focused on class struggle), but one of my favorite books is Crispin Sartwell's Against the State: An Introduction to Anarchist Political Theory which provides counter arguments to several justifications for states, especially the various contract theories.
	
	https://www.reddit.com/r/Anarchy101/comments/9zyrjn/any_book_suggestions_for_a_complete_beginner_to/

POPULAR SCIENCE:
	the blind watchmaker Richard Dokken'search
	why evolution is true
	a brief history of time
	the meaning of it all Richard findman
	surely you're joking Mr. Feynman
	a short history of nearly everything
	Sapiens
	
	
ATHEISM:
	the God delusion
	God is not great
	
	
leftist sociology
	A THEOLOGY OF LIBERATION: https://www.youtube.com/post/Ugkx0uSLtAbc_wcmD364F-WyuTO0fmEivy_E
	Let This Radicalize You: Organizing and the Revolution of Reciprocal Care
	on third places
	Michele Foucault 
	manu consent
	Orwell
queer theory:
	Relationship Anarchy: Occupy Intimacy
Poetry:
	https://www.google.com/search?q=Galway+Kinnell&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8
Philisophical Lit:
	mortality by Christopher Hitchens
	KAFKA
	SARTRE
	CAMUS



Steinbeck
Asimov

Classics:
	0:49  -  ROBINSON CRUSOE by Daniel Defoe
	2:22  -  FARENHEIT 451 by Ray Bradbury
	3:47  -  FRANKENSTEIN by Mary Shelley
	5:01  -  THE OLD MAN AND THE SEA by Ernest Hemingway
	6:55  -  OLIVER TWIST by Charles Dickens
	9:05  -  TESS OF THE D'URBEVILLES by Thomas Hardy
	10:28  -  THE THREE MUSKETEERS by Alexandre Dumas
	12:52  -  PRIDE AND PREJUDICE by Jane Austen
	14:50  -  SHERLOCK HOLMES by Arthur Conan Doyle
	17:51  -  THE PICTURE OF DORIAN GRAY by Oscar Wilde
	19:42  -  ANY JEEVES AND WOOSTER by P G Wodehouse

Philo Sci-Fi:
	0:18 Dune
	1:24 Solaris
	2:36 Cloud Atlas
	4:13 Foundation
	5:28 A Canticle for Leibowitz
	6:20 Anathem
	7:54 Frankenstein

Philosophy:
	Problems of Philosophy 02:02
	Think 03:13
	Plato 05:25
	Marcus Aurelius 07:25
	St. Augustine 08:15
	René Descartes 09:42
	John Stuart Mill 11:49


racism:
	racism without racists
	profit of discontent
	native son
	im still here
prison abolition
	golden gulag
	soledad brother
	blood in my eye
the courage to be disliked
	
leftism:
	revolution has come 
classics:
	the alchemist

therapy books
	Your resonant self (Jack)
	no bad parts (Jen)
	love and rage (Jen)
Movies:
	Blindspootting (black)
	sorry to bother you (boots riley)
	belly
	shottas
	fresh 
	dope
	moonlight
	sonny carson
	Atlanta
	Bel Aire
	do the right thing
	bamboozles

	Queer:
		Paris Is Burning
		
		352-525-4900




Electrify by Saul Griffiths
The New Map: Energy, Climate, and the Clash of Nations by Daniel Yergin
Short Circuiting Policy: Interest Groups and the Battle Over Clean Energy and Climate Policy in the American States Book by Leah Stokes
This Changes Everything: Capitalism vs. The Climate by Naomi Klein
The Shock Doctrine by Naomi Klein
On Fire: The Burning Case for a Green New Deal by Naomi Klein

sex at dawn
polysecure
 
 
When breath becomes air - Paul Kalanithi

Kim Jiyoung Born 1982 (literary fiction) - Cho Nam Joo

Flowers of Fire - Hawon Jung

Beading Sweetgrass - Robin Wall Kimmerer

Never Let Me Go - Kazuo Ishiguro

Crying in H Mart - Michelle Zauner

the hundred years war on Palestine - Caroline
a Demon haunted world Carl Sagan - Frankie

Michael Paul and how to change your mind

Best books on meditation

best books on polyamory

taking people more seriously:
	blink the power of thinking without thinking
	The invisible gorilla
	talking to strangers what we should know about people we don't know
	
	The beauty myth
	the psychology of appearance
	everyday bias identifying and navigating unconscious judgments in our daily lives
	the body is not an apology: the power of radical self-love


FINISHED BOOKS 2024 (4/15):
	Philosophy:
		?
	
	Queer Theory:
		?
	
	Sociology:
		?
	
	Leftist Theory:
		The Communist Manifesto
	
	General Leftism:
		?
	
	Anarchy:
	
		Anarchy Works
		
	Philosophical Literature:
		The Fall - Albert Camus
		Slaughterhouse Five - Kurt Vonnegut
 
ARTICLES:
	https://coolmaoism.jimdofree.com/against-subjectivism-toward-analytical-decision-making/ - Red Reading Circle 7/29/2024
	


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

