How do the political conditions discussed in the article impact our organizing?

Why is historical study on this topic necessary for our Party?

-----------------

The rights of freedom of speech and political involvement will be extended to all. These rights will only be abridged in the efforts to eliminate racism, xenophobia and all forms of bigotry, or to prevent the re-establishment of the capitalist system of exploitation and oppression.
	
	can you tell me a little bit about what that looks like in your opinion, specifically the last part?that's an opinion I've heard from people and it's always sketched me out, the idea of preventing the existence of parties, certain ideas is in my opinion a very slippery slope and a very dangerous thing to implement as it can lead to and has led to in the past harsh government control of ideas and thought policing.
	
	

I have a strong status quo bias that definitely comes into play here. The first half of the program was a super easy read because I pretty much completely agree with all of the critiques of capitalism, but then when we start talking about the specifics of the replacement system I get very anxious because I feel like I need degrees in 12 different fields to promote and implement a system/structure that will be optimal.

the program mentioned scrapping nuclear energy, I don't agree with this and view it as likely to be a necessary complement to renewable sources as we move away from fossil fuels.

communism tending toward authoritarianism:
	
	centralized economic planning and concentration of power.
	Trotskyism sounds pretty good to me??maybe 
	
China:
	what is your opinion on the liberalization of China's economy
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
TOPICS OF FURTHER STUDY:
	James Connolly
	
	Cuban revolution
	Russian Revolution of 1917
	Vietnam
	Venezuela
	China 1949
	Trotskyism
	Marxist-Leninism
	Democratic centralism
	Degenerated Workers States
	Proletarian Internationalism
	Stalinism
	Marxism (The Capital)
	




Unitedhealthcare choice plan
Member 989074103
Group 0708585

100seconds/g???
.01g/s
.6g/m LEAK



30s with sink running
.0333g/s combined
2g/m combined

864g/d
25.9kg/m


48s/gal sink
.021g/s
1.25g/m SINK


