for Charli for Christmas:
	people to leave little voice memos:
		Amy, Natalia, Izzy, me, Bobby, Neena, Leah??? bea?? A and J, Hollyn
		
		Addison. Bana, Lexi. Laura Jane Grace????
		
		Holland, Allie, Jamila, 10, Rigo????
		
		need to get Amy's number

hi u :)) I am making another mix tape for Charli for Christmas. It would be supersweet if some friends/loved ones had little cameo voice memos on the tape. Is that something you would be excited about/willing to do? I can send you some more like specific details if you're down to do it!


https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ls0l8oXm96ymHP1HOa_NrYZMVNgm0Q4JZl5_ZjS89XE/edit?tab=t.0

songs for future mix tapes:
	I won't hurt you

okay so I'm thinking this one will be all local:
	against me!
	quil
	confession kids
	rug
	drosera
	???
	Rigo??
	I think like at least two or three more bands?maybe I can sneakily ask her what her favorite bands are that are local
	deadharriend when I sawI thought it like a Charli Aiken cut off the end of the year I didn't realize that
	


"When I was ten, I read fairy tales in secret and would have been ashamed if I had been found doing so. Now that I am fifty I read them openly. When I became a man I put away childish things, including the fear of childishness and the desire to be very grown up."eating a very dramatic like a work from home and found

the absolute folly of it all - Elden ring dlc

Albert Camus (to René Char) // "The older I get, the more I find that you can only live with beings who liberate you, and who love you with an affection that is as light to bear as it is strong to feel… This is how I am your friend, I love your happiness, your freedom, your adventure…and I would like to be for you the companion you are sure of, always."

You, of course, are not I, and it must be from someplace in you, not me, that you serve. only remember what is plainly and always true. The act of serving fulfills itself. - Tamar Adler

The truth is like poetry
Most people fucking hate poetry
-The Big Short

just remember your brain doesn't even have arms so stop letting it push you around or hold you back

Don't do what you can't undo until you've considered what you can't do once you've done it (assassins apprentice)

Common sense is the collection of prejudices we acquire by age 18
-my hero academia allegedly Einstein

Alienation is not simply the absence of legal ownership of the means and fruits of production — it is the lack of control over one’s relationship with the world.
Peter Gelderloos. peter-gelderloos-anarchy-works

"I have led a toothless life", he thought. " A toothless life.I have never bitten into anything.I was waiting.I was reserving myself for later on-and I have just noticed that my teeth have gone." John Paul Sartre

Covered with ashes, tearing my hair, my face scored by clawing, but with piercing eyes, I stand before all humanity recapitulating my shames without losing sight of the effect I am producing, and saying: “I was the lowest of the low.” Then imperceptibly I pass from the “I” to the “we.” When I get to “This is what we are,” the trick has been played and I can tell them off. I am like them, to be sure; we are in the soup together. However, I have a superiority in that I know it and this gives me the right to speak. You see the advantage, I am sure.
Albert Camus. albert-camus-the-fall (Kindle Locations 1075-1079). Kindle Edition. 


 
Nevertheless, I find them more moral than the others, those who kill in the bosom of the family by attrition. Haven’t you noticed that our society is organized for this kind of liquidation? You have heard, of course, of those tiny fish in the rivers of Brazil that attack the unwary swimmer by thousands and with swift little nibbles clean him up in a few minutes, leaving only an immaculate skeleton? Well, that’s what their organization is. “Do you want a good clean life? Like everybody else?” You say yes, of course. How can one say no? “O.K. You’ll be cleaned up. Here’s a job, a family, and organized leisure activities.” And the little teeth attack the flesh, right down to the bone.
Albert Camus. albert-camus-the-fall (Kindle Locations 44-48). Kindle Edition.


