less than many, more than most - describing a lot of things in life specifically like how much organizing work I've done, vegan I am, etc. - Pollen

Brennan Lee Mulligan, two areppas in: "so for me, I think the way I rebel against the idea of basing self-worth on utility, is to dream of worlds where that's not true anymore -- rather than psychoanalyze myself out of what I think is an adaptive response to the world we live in."

Life is very short. I think it is cool to love stuff - Brendan Lee Mulligan

we all gotta eat and we're all going to die - last meals mythical kitchen

you only have to believe for the length of the ritual -  Brennan Lee Mulligan's Mom

every idea is stamped with the brand of the class - Chinese saying, I read it in constructive criticism

Benny, I say, don't worry. I also know the way - the old life haunts the new. - Mary Oliver, dog songs, Benjamin who came from who knows where

oh, I think I'm fading away. - The wicked smile by Mary Oliver. About a dog claiming not to have had breakfast

"transsexually constructed lesbian-feminist" from whipping girl. It's not her words it's a quote from another book that she is critiquing

As a result of this cultural justification of control, we internalize, many of us, this belief that we can or should control things that we cannot possibly - how others behave and even how we feel or behave. Our urgency to control, to fix, save, set straight (thank you Barry Pearman) means we have little to no ability to allow, to be with, to accompany. We lionize mastery and discipline over others and ourselves and when we fail to master or our discipline falters, we blame each other or ourselves. And in this way we reproduce cycles of fear and shame and guilt or cycles of projection of fear and shame and guilt when what we really long for, many if not most of us, is a sense of belonging to and with each other and the earth. As astronaut Scott Kelly notes, we're all in this together. As the late Senator Paul Wellstone noted, we all do better when we all do better. - https://www.whitesupremacyculture.info/comfort--fear-of-conflict.html

If I didn't define myself for myself, I would be crunched into other people's fantasies for me and eaten alive - Audre up Lorde

Holy shit, I'm sick of the story already, yet here I am like a tongue to a freshly chipped tooth.
Halp - @bonzey1171 in a YouTube comments section of Hassan talking about the Charli Kirk shooting

Hush now, my dear one... Be not afraid. Night comes upon us, but sunlight will break. Sleep now, my dear one... Let your tears fade. Darkness surrounds us, but someday we'll wake... - shadows for silence in the forests of hell, nighttime song

Sometimes a hypocrite is nothing more than a person in the process of changing. Dalinar Kholin

light a man a fire, and he's warm for a night. light a man on fire, and he's warm for the rest of his life - Terry Pratchett

whatever I am, let it be enough

There has never been a shortage of young men eager to fight and die to preserve the fortunes, comforts, and prejudices of their elders. use of weapons, Ian Banks

I would have written a shorter letter, but did not have the time. Blaise Pascal

I really feel compelled to say that you are so inspiring and so funny and genuinely such a treasure to the community
I feel very blessed to have you in my life <3
What inspired me to say that was a moment at book club where I was just acutely aware of how lovely you are and I just felt "damn we are all so fucking lucky to have Jamie as part of this community"
I love you so much,  you are so loved and valued by so many <33
-Ten 

“Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.” —Søren Kierkegaard, from his 1843 journals 

“It is as if the land secretes pheromones testifying to its abuse, detectable only by those who are themselves damaged.” —Jan Zita Grover

================CHARLI

"When I was ten, I read fairy tales in secret and would have been ashamed if I had been found doing so. Now that I am fifty I read them openly. When I became a man I put away childish things, including the fear of childishness and the desire to be very grown up."

Hay lamented to Glass that he felt hopeless “in not being able to find a flowerfaced boy who was a Marxist like me, who would stand with me in the class
struggle against oppression.” - lavender and red by Leslie Feinberg

If we have our own why in life, we shall get along with almost any how - Nietzsche

our current mental-hygiene philosophy stresses the idea that people ought to be happy, that unhappiness is a symptom of maladjustment. Such a value system might be responsible for the fact that the burden of unavoidable unhappiness is increased by unhappiness about being unhappy - Edith Weisskopf-Joelson

if I love you, I must make you conscious of the things you don't see - James Baldwin

where there is no equality there can be no harmony - Emma Goldman (Marriage)

w/sh/could have been - RB RRC 

So my initial impulse was to say something like "if you're imagining the possibility of future me judging you, then it could be argued that you're actually judging yourself through your mental image of me (who you're also imagining as judgmental so it's kind of a double judgment) :P"
But instead I'll just say - don't worry no judgments <3
-Ten ( about me saying not to judge me for my room being dirty )

“The liberty of a democracy is not safe if the people tolerated the growth of private power to a point where it becomes stronger than the democratic state itself. That in its essence is fascism: ownership of government by an individual, by a group, or any controlling private power.”
― Franklin D. Roosevelt


the absolute folly of it all - Elden ring dlc

well, I myself find that respect is like manure. Use it where needed, and growth will flourish. Spread it on too thick, and things just start to smell. Brandon Sanderson the way of kings

But expectations were like fine pottery. The harder you held them, the more likely they were to crack - Brandon Sanderson the way of Kings chapter 3

we know too well that our freedom is incomplete without the freedom of the Palestinians - Nelson Mandela

Pessimism of the intellect, optimism of the will - Romain Roland (falsely attributed to Antonio Graham she)

Albert Camus (to René Char) // "The older I get, the more I find that you can only live with beings who liberate you, and who love you with an affection that is as light to bear as it is strong to feel… This is how I am your friend, I love your happiness, your freedom, your adventure…and I would like to be for you the companion you are sure of, always."

They cannot represent themselves; they must be represented. —Karl Marx, The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte
Edward W. Said. Said, Edward - Orientalism

You, of course, are not I, and it must be from someplace in you, not me, that you serve. only remember what is plainly and always true. The act of serving fulfills itself. - Tamar Adler

Whether a tree lives to see the end of centuries, or a random hand picks it instantly, Life is art, a miracle for all to see I must tell you that you lived beautifully
-Nujapes song


The truth is like poetry
Most people fucking hate poetry
-The Big Short

No business which depends for existence on paying less than living wages to its workers has any right to continue in this country
-FDR

just remember your brain doesn't even have arms so stop letting it push you around or hold you back

anything can happen anytime

Our idea that creative symbolic work will be really hard to automate and that physical labor will be really easy to automate, is based on social distinctions that we draw between different kinds of people. Not based on a really good understanding of actually what's hard.

What is bravery without a dash of recklessness? - Gough from DS1 DLC

choosing doubt is a philosophy of life is like choosing immobility as a mode of transportation - life of pi

your freedom to swing your arm ends where my face begins.. stupid trucks are killing us not juts bikes??

a shared dream is not so easy to wake from - merrin jedi survivor

Don't do what you can't undo until you've considered what you can't do once you've done it (assassins apprentice)

Common sense is the collection of prejudices we acquire by age 18
-my hero academia allegedly Einstein

While it is not outright disinformation, ... it does bear resemblance to a model we use called the 4d's — dismiss the message, distort the facts, distract the audience, and express dismay at the whole thing. The tactic is intended to create an equivalency in spokespeople and message. In this case, it is a false equivalency between a message based in climate science that went viral organically and a message based in climate skepticism trying to catch up using paid promotion.

Alienation is not simply the absence of legal ownership of the means and fruits of production — it is the lack of control over one’s relationship with the world.
Peter Gelderloos. peter-gelderloos-anarchy-works

"I have led a toothless life", he thought. " A toothless life.I have never bitten into anything.I was waiting.I was reserving myself for later on-and I have just noticed that my teeth have gone." John Paul Sartre

Nevertheless, I find them more moral than the others, those who kill in the bosom of the family by attrition. Haven’t you noticed that our society is organized for this kind of liquidation? You have heard, of course, of those tiny fish in the rivers of Brazil that attack the unwary swimmer by thousands and with swift little nibbles clean him up in a few minutes, leaving only an immaculate skeleton? Well, that’s what their organization is. “Do you want a good clean life? Like everybody else?” You say yes, of course. How can one say no? “O.K. You’ll be cleaned up. Here’s a job, a family, and organized leisure activities.” And the little teeth attack the flesh, right down to the bone.
Albert Camus. albert-camus-the-fall (Kindle Locations 44-48). Kindle Edition.


Covered with ashes, tearing my hair, my face scored by clawing, but with piercing eyes, I stand before all humanity recapitulating my shames without losing sight of the effect I am producing, and saying: “I was the lowest of the low.” Then imperceptibly I pass from the “I” to the “we.” When I get to “This is what we are,” the trick has been played and I can tell them off. I am like them, to be sure; we are in the soup together. However, I have a superiority in that I know it and this gives me the right to speak. You see the advantage, I am sure.

Albert Camus. albert-camus-the-fall (Kindle Locations 1075-1079). Kindle Edition. 

if there are humans who can bring about change they're surely those who are capable of abandoning everything. people who, when required to surpass even monsters are capable of tossing aside their very humanity. people who are unable to abandon anything will likely fail to produce any change. 
- Attack On Titan 

Ursula Wolfe-Rocca once said, “It can be overwhelming to witness/experience/take in all the injustices of the moment; the good news is that they’re all connected. So if your little corner of work involves pulling at one of the threads, you’re helping to unravel the whole damn cloth. Let’s keep working in our corners.”

9am
2pm
7pm
12pm

