
hi this is Jamie. I live at 516 NW. 34th St.. we had an arborist come by and tell us that the red Oak between our property and the property at 506 NW. 34th St. is going to fall soon, and is likely to fall on the house at 506. We are going to be contacting the city arborist and filing a permit for removal. Not only is the tree likely to fall on your house, a large part of it is hanging over your property line which makes a portion of it your legal liability. We would like to discuss a joint payment for removal. please get in contact with me either at 352-462-3242 or at jamieeehooper@gmail.com

contacting Laura Jane grace:
	making a xmas mixtape for my gf Charli
	trnslsbian leftist muscn in Gville, always looked up 2 u+ur music. existnl punk-eco grl. mixtape w/ v-memos fr frnds/inspo. any love/solidarity/thoughts 4 her? bonus pts if u play smth, but words are most imp.

	trnslsbian leftist muscn in Gville, always looked up 2 u+ur music. existnl punk-eco grl. mixtape w/ v-memos fr frnds/inspo. any love/solidarity/thoughts 4 her? bonus pts if u play smth, but words most imp. faves: AxlRose, 35%, FrmrClrity, 8hrs, WalkHonest


	Pollen (like what's in plants)

FOLLOW-UP MESSAGE TO QUILL:
	I agree about Z if that's Jaguar.

	I really appreciate your analysis/critiques and agree with basically everything. I would apply that same argument about being traumatized to Eleanor as well. 

	the thing about coordinators I definitely think rings true for Kayla, or at minimum a feeling of superiority based on longevity at the CMC. Some of her critiques are very important and accurate, some are not so much.the condescension I definitely feel, anyone that agrees with Kayla gets very condescended and I definitely think it shuts down a lot of discussion. I also have never seen much reflection from her but I also don't know her as well as I know Eleanor or Sloan.

	I respect Sloan and their political opinions quite a bit. I think that they have acted unskillfully a couple times in discussions but in general I think they are a very important contributor. I have had a few disagreements with them during our time at RRC and always found them very willing to sit down and listen even if they did not end up agreeing with me.

	It's unfortunate because I feel like there are so many critiques that are presented poorly but also just not very important or good critiques about very minor things and those like take up so much emotional capacity. And then there are very serious very important critiques that we really need to discuss and learn from and it feels like we waste so much time on the first group that we don't have capacity or trust for the second group.

	I'm so sorry to hear that you're having such a negative bodily reaction when thinking about the dynamics and meetings. Please let me know if there's anything I can do to help with that. I have some of the same feelings but they are much more like muted/depressed vibes which is not great in its own right. Feeling a little hopeless about it lately. 

	Yes I think the dynamics of "I come to more meetings than you" and "You weren't at the last two meetings to bring this up so your feelings are invalid" kind of vibes are extremely toxic and make people not want to contribute if they can't be like as high-capacity as some other people.

	I'm also not sure how it can end. Hoping that some sort of conflict resolution guides/bylaws could be helpful but also words on paper can only do so much :/

MESSAGE TO QUILL ABOUT CMC DYNAMICS:
	That's a big question lol, I'm not feeling great about everything. It's definitely very overwhelming and feels very dysfunctional and feels like a ton of emotional and practical effort for not that high of emotional or material benefit. 

	I've been thinking about taking a step back because I do feel pretty emotionally burnt out by it all. I went to the food not bombs orientation the other day so I'm hoping to get more involved over there. The issue for me is that because of my elbow disability this kind of strategic/political/analytical work is exactly the kind of thing that I can do and want to do and want to grow my skills in. So it feels like a niche that I can be actually useful in but also it's just emotionally exhausting and I don't always know what to do. I do want to do more readings on these subjects that we've been discussing.

	It's also sometimes difficult to fully understand my position both politically and personally on it all, there are (the way I see it) like two factions so to speak. And both contain people and positions that I really respect and empathize with. This is an Oversimplification but if I Tried to draw it out:

	1: kenjee, jo, ceder, worm?, Sada, Jaw?, Niko?, T, Leaf

	2: Eleanor, Sloan, Kayla, Lei

	I see you as an intermediary mediator figure or at least attempting to do that, I don't really know where I see myself. I see Jaguar as just a wildcard disruptive figure that's just adding to the terribleness of everything.

	I see a huge political divide between these two groups. I see Group 1 as being more emotionally cautious(?) or like stressing about and trying to correct the form with which conflict is expressed. And group 2 I see as dismissive about concerns of form and primarily concerned with content, and not as concerned by the presence of hostility, anger, etc. 

	it feels like group one is more sensitive to the emotional capacity of group members that struggle with intense conflict while group 2 sees this as coddling and an example of right to comfort as an element of white supremacist culture. I don't really know who is correct, but I do think that we aren't quite ready culturally to actually analyze content over form. So it's partially a question of what is the best way to get there and the answer is I don't know.

	it feels like Group 1 is larger but also most of those people do not come to every meeting or are not as outspoken so it effectively evens out.

	the groups are in no way concrete factions, like I think Sloan also plays an intermediary role at times. But also I think the example of him interrupting Leaf and saying that what they were saying was bull shit in a meeting is a great example of having very high political consciousness expectations of the group and sometimes little patience for teaching and gradual learning. I recognize that it is not anyone's specific responsibility to educate people on what discourse in a group like this should look like, but also its probably wise to have the patience to educate people if you are expecting them to grow politically and change culturally. 

	also I have been organizing with RRC for like a year and doing some stuff before that but I've only seen behind the curtain at the CMC in the last like 2-3 months. I don't know if this is actually worse than it is on average. I've heard a lot of people express the history of conflict avoidance in the group which I have definitely witnessed. So I'm hoping that this is a path toward better resolutions and less avoidance but I really don't know.

	in conclusion I don't really know what the correct political line is, a lot of these concepts are relatively new to me. And also I don't know how best to get there even if I did fully agree with a specific line.



MESSAGE TO CHARLIE ABOUT CHANGE AFTER SHE DISCUSSED WANTING TO SPEND TIME TOGETHER DIFFERENTLY:
	for your insolence in bringing emotional problems to the table of our relationship you have been inflicted with a three-page Google document outlininng my emotions and grief and love for you, complete with a poem even wow you are just the luckiest lesbian in the whole world. it's definitely a lot of emotions in grief and sadness and raw processing that I was feeling when I woke up this morning, please feel free to take your time getting to it I know it's the middle of a workday, I do think the poem is a banger. I love you very much and I deeply deeply appreciate you

	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UaqhBN8qyrZPwfraq5ju6IUFQT_J3KmeW8S8-NzV_Xw/edit?tab=t.0

	Hi Love, 

		Edit: wow! you did get a poem, lucky you! I love you, I hope you appreciate my thoughts and my poem, I did just spend about three hours processing and typing this out and thinking through things and writing a poem about it, and I do feel a lot better lol. I love you very much and I hope you have a good day and I’m really grateful that you would share all of this with me and trust me to be worth the effort and to react kindly to anything that you bring to the table, I really love you and I really appreciate you and all the time we have spent together and all the time that we will spend together. I am very excited for the future and for everything that we will choose to do together no matter what form that takes <3

	I just wanted to say that I feel like a lot of strange grief just about everything we talked about, I really appreciate you bringing it up and I'm really glad you did, I just feel like the grief of change and I feel kind of guilty about that because I really like how things are and I like the way we spend time together. and I guess I'm kind of sad and feel guilty that it's made you feel so stagnant and I definitely want to make changes to be more in line with your wants and needs and we will do that, it just makes me kind of sad. and I know the stuff going on with you is not just a result of the quality or quantity or style of time we spend together, and the things we choose to do together, but it seems like it is a big contributing factor, and that just like makes me feel a sickly kind of guilty grief.

	I feel like I was emotionally preparing myself for your move to feel like a massive change to me and then it just kind of didn't and I felt like I got off Scot-free, and then at the very end of it all the change did come and not in the way I was expecting. I guess in hindsight I definitely should have seen this coming, you literally mentioned wanting to like reorganize your life after moving, and I encouraged that, and I still do. It's just that like we've had this exact conversation multiple times and I've brought up this exact possibility and you've always been quite certain that it wasn't really a negative factor, so I guess I just felt like a false sense of security or consistency in the way that we interact and felt like it was all perfect and would stay the same. and none of that is your fault and you shouldn't feel bad about it, just sharing how I feel.

	I think I've been just a little bit burnt out with organizing lately and I've been doing a lot, and I feel like I viewed our hangouts as like a haven from that, and like a place where I could just really relax and rot which feels very necessary to me at the moment. But I also realize that we live very different lives and spend our time in very different ways so I recognize that that's not always in line with your needs. having like a person that I really love to rot with is something that I've always really needed and valued in my life, and I feel like so many times that has been like codependent for me and made me feel really stagnant in my life, like with Rei, and Raven, and Aamir, and Mike, and Aaron to varying extents. 

	But I currently really do feel like I'm doing plenty in my life and spending my time in really good ways for the most part, like better than I kind of ever have. And so I've been feeling like our rot time is just the perfect amount for me, especially with your trips that really reset it for me, and all the organizing and social activities that I/we do, so I guess it just kind of makes me sad to be on the other end of that where I feel like it's perfect for me but it's not perfect for you. And there have been times in our relationship where I didn't feel like it was perfect, like when I was reading so much fantasy during the day, but recently I've just been doing a lot so I've been really savoring that time we spend together in the way that we do, and I feel like I finally found like a nice balance in my life and it just still doesn't quite work out perfectly like I want.

	Talking about it last night I was very excited about it but also kind of nervous just because of how I am with change, but this morning I just feel like a lot of grief. And I'm sure I'll work through that and we'll figure it out, but I clearly have a lot to process. I think that in situations like our conversation last night I'm very good at being present for the other person, almost like a therapist at times, like too much like that. But I'm not always good at being present with myself and how I'm feeling in conversations like that, and it often doesn't really hit me until like I get home or until the next morning. I tried to go through my normal morning routine this morning but I just couldn't, I was distracted and felt like a weird sickly grief inside of my chest. 

	I am hopeful that this grief is a bit like the grief of you moving, where I make a big hubbub about change and then the change ends up being totally fine and good, and sometimes great and better than the old thing ever was, just like getting a new house or getting a new roommate, but I just have to be honest and realistic with myself about how I feel in this moment and I wanted to communicate that to you. I think that on a microscale a lot of these changes we're discussing are things I'm very excited about, like doing some more songwriting or going out and playing guitar, or doing open mics, or doing more cooking together. But also a lot of the macroscale changes I feel more trepidation about, like spending less time together, which is super valid, we do spend a TON of time together, or just like having less rot time in general, either as a proportion of the time we spend together or just total time.

	So ultimately I am very willing and able to make changes in the amount and the style of how we interact with each other, but at the moment I don't feel excited or happy about it, and I just have to be honest with myself about that and with you. And at this moment it feels like this will be a compromise for me, a compromise that I am very willing and (hopefully) very able to make, but likely a compromise nevertheless. But realistically, it's a fools errand to go into a long and deep and beautiful and meaningful relationship where we spend lots of time together and not expect to make compromises and changes. I say likely a compromise because it's entirely possible that a week or a month from now I will just feel perfectly adjusted to new ways of being but as it always goes with me, anytime a change gets brought up as necessary -when I don't feel like doing it- it feels very scary and daunting and grief inducing.

	This was originally like a two paragraph text and then it turned into a really long Journal article lol because I just had more and more feelings coming out. Possibly even a poem lol we will see.

	I love you and hope you have a good day.


	Canary (for Charli)
	What of life we have shared up to this point?
	What of time we have laid in the sun?
	What of days spent idling infinity?
	What of nights spent lying as one?
	-
	Would you trade our something for nothing?
	Would you waste what little we’ve left?
	Would you ask me now just to hold you,
	So distant from my hollow chest?
	-
	Could I listen and hear what you’re whispering?
	Could I slacken and undo my grasp?
	Could I have and hold without crushing,
	As one would with canary in hand?
	------------------------------------------
	(a peek behind the curtain) I’m wondering if I should say hollowed instead of hollow. and I also understand that the second stanza is not really incredibly relevant to what you brought to the table, but poems and grief aren’t always like an exact science lol, it really feels like a you’re threatening breakup kind of poem which I realize is not what’s happening but poems be poems yo don’t think about it too much, it’s safer that way.

	MESSAGE TO THE ACTIVE CMC VOLUNTEER CHAT ABOUT WOEdie BUCKING AT ME:
		that is correct. I said hi to him as I left the building and he said that he heard that I "threw him under the bus". I asked him what he meant by that and he walked up quite close to me and repeated it and then asked how I voted in the meeting,and said he was upset that no one talked to him about it beforehand. I told him I wasn't going to share how I voted but that I thought it was a difficult situation and I was not present for the original situation so I just kind of deferred to other people's experiences. he proceeded to say that I looked nervous, and then kinda lunged at me and yelled, and then laughed and said "See?" 
		
		Altogether a very threatening and unpleasant interaction and I was quite shaken up.

MESSAGE TO THE ACTIVE CMC VOLUNTEER CHAT ABOUT THE BANS:
	We just finished the meeting that Niko conducted with a few of the organizers that were not able to be there last Thursday when the decision was made. There were eight people present. 

	We are collectively requesting that the discussion with Whoaddie be held off until after the meeting tomorrow where we can discuss it further. Which will include organizers who were not able to be there at the emergency meeting and do not feel they had the opportunity to speak on the decision. especially given that the decision was made in an emergency meeting and many organizers were not aware of the meeting or were unable to attend because of scheduling. 

	We understand the urgency of the decision given the fact that it is relevant to the safety of the space, but also think that this is a big decision and should not be made hastily, and one more day to wait is reasonable in order to have a more fleshed out and communal decision.

MESSAGE TO FINLEY ABOUT BEING MEAN TO ME AFTER WAKING ME UP:
	hey besto friendo, you were kinda rude to me this morning when I said you were talking loud and woke me up. I didn't super appreciate it, and it hurt my feelings, especially first thing in the morning for me.

MESSAGE TO JESSIE ABOUT CHARLIE AND MY RELATIONSHIP LABELS
	I looked it up and the base game co-op is only summoning for bosses, you can't explore outside of summon areas, so I'm skeptical it would be very fun/productive to do co-op style. I'm like theoretically open to the concept I'm just not really envisioning what that could be

	I completely agree about the whole developing relationship thing, I would never really expect y'all to be friends, obviously not against it just seems unlikely. I guess to me it's less about that and more about the cultural baggage associated with people excessively thinking of her as my girlfriend. If you/everyone thought of her as my friend principally above being my girlfriend it wouldn't bother me so much but it feels like that label just crushes everything else into a box. the decision to even carry that label in our relationship was really difficult for me.

	honestly I don't know it's not that serious it's just a pet peeve of mine that already has come up multiple times with multiple people and it really makes me hate relationship labels in general, is just something I struggle with. it's my constant daily struggle against amatonormativity >.< sorry I know I'm being really autistic

MESSAGE TO RIGO ABOUT JAMMING AND MAN BEHAVIOR:
	by the way as far as jamming/micro jamming goes, I am open to the concept. That being said, it did kind of rub me the wrong way The way that you pushed for it. jamming is difficult for me because of my disability, and I do appreciate you trying to include me and introduce the concept. but you kind of did it in a way that felt dismissive of my reasons and desire not to do it. When discussing my reasons not to do it it felt very "don't worry bro it will be fun and fine" instead of "would it make it enjoyable/doable for you if we accommodated you in this way?". in general that is behavior that I experience almost exclusively from men so just be aware of that >.<, and as a disabled person it comes up a surprising amount. I have a lot of thoughts on this topic lol I have a blog post planned about it but I don't want to send you an essay >.<
	
	but ultimately I am open to the concept of micro jamming, and I would love to write music together (which is much more my speed regardless of disability)

MESSAGE TO JESSIE ABOUT NOT BEING AS CLOSE ANYMORE:
	I was thinking about it a bit more and I really appreciate you bringing everything up. I think it was probably overdue?I feel a bit sad about it in a passage of time kind of way, just accepting that our deep intimate friendship is probably in the past. But not sad about it in like a "I can't believe you feel this way" kind of way, because I feel largely the same way.

	I'm not surprised that visiting me is not a super high priority, visiting you is not really a super high priority for me either, I'm open to either if it ever feels right or if you ever come to Gainesville for fast or something you can crash on my couch but honestly not that invested at the moment.

	as far as Eldon Ringo's I'm like a 5.5 for melenia and 5.0 for the other guy (five being true neutral) on watching you do either fight, so feel free to shoot me an invite if you want to but honestly if you just want to beat it on your own that's totally fine. if you ever felt called to start another game together I would be interested but like I don't care that much

	I did really enjoy our conversation today, at least everything after and even during that conversation. I think if you ever wanted to call about like a specific thing or like if you had something on your mind and wanted to chat for 20 minutes that would be more fun then like planning a two hour sitdown which feels kind of stilted. I really appreciate you discussing all this with me.

ABOUT APPLE PAY TO FINLEY:
	06/01 prohibition pizza 20
	05/30 Arby's            8
	05/29 McDonald's		8.5
	05/24 prohibition pizza	27.5
	05/15 vending machine	3.25
	4/26 McDonald's 		8.50
	4/20 waffle house 		22
	4/12 square reader 		7
	4/08 Santa Fe      		6.5
	03/20 opus coffee  		8
	03/13 Santa Fe	   		3.5
	01/30 vending machine 	3.25
	10/06/24 AvatarMerch	43
	==========================
	TOTAL:					168

BIRTHDAY CARD TO CHARLI 2025:
	FRONT: Happy Birthday Charli! <3
	
	INSIDE: Happy Birthday!!! I love you so much and I'm so overjoyed and appreciative that I've had the opportunity to fall in love with you and to get to know you better :)) you make me so happy and you're so sweet and kind and I couldn't ask for a more beautiful soul to become entangled with <3 
	
	I've really enjoyed all our long walks, early morning donuts, musicmaking sessions, making dinner together, stumbling upon Beatles cover band weddings, springs trips, ecstatic dances, flower exchanges, and of course long ring sessions :P I love you so much and I really cherish every moment we get to spend together <3

	POEM ON BACK:
	My life has not prepared me to write a love poem for you
	but I guess that's what normal people do?
	Learning to love was not in my plans
	But I suppose I'll be swept off with it
	As best as I can
	-
	So I can't help but smile, with your face at my door
	Never knowing what adventures we're driving toward
	we'll soak in spring and lie in sun
	We'll lie together until each day is done
	-
	You make it so effortless, I can't help but feel
	Like we've been here before, some thousand times
	so let's do it again, and see how it goes
	I can't wait to see, what no one knows
	--------------------
	
	
	I never thought I would end up like this
	Writing poems for a lover that I can't help but miss
	I think it's safer if I don't try to pretend
	to know what I'm doing 
	but you're always here, to talk to the end
	-
	


MESSAGE TO ZUZU ABOUT EDITING QUESTIONS:
	I appreciate you saying that and letting me know, I agree that that's kind of what happened today I did get a bit carried away so I apologize for that. I think it has more to do with my anxieties around facilitating then it does with your questions. if I were not the one facilitating I would not have done that, I think I might turn into a little bit of a control freak when I am facilitating just because I'm nervous about everything going well. I also really appreciate you letting me facilitate in person, I really didn't want to take away your chance to do it but I also really really don't enjoy all online meetings >.<

	About the questions themselves, It's not that I don't trust you to do it well, because I did think all of your questions were really good, but I do think that they would be stronger and easier to answer and generate more longform discussion if they were a little bit more open ended, which is what I tried to do with my edits. and for what it's worth I did edit the language a ton I think mostly to make them easier to answer, but like the themes of the questions that you came up with were definitely still intact, and I definitely could not have done that without them. 

	if you're interested I would be happy to discuss further sometime about my perspective on what makes questions good for driving discussion/easier to engage with especially for new people/less well read on theory people.

	I will be more collaborative and less editing over your work in the future, sorry about that and I appreciate you letting me know in such a kind way. I really value your contributions to the group and I'm happy to be organizing with you.

MESSAGE TO TEN ABOUT GENDER NORMATIVITY
	Hey love, I had a really nice time today and I really appreciate you opening up your space for board games, would love to do it again or something similar both in general but also to get to know Rasha(?). 

	That being said the whole discussion around penises and gender and everything really upset me. Not enjoying penetrative sex is totally fine, not liking penises also totally fine (but also those are two very different things, I don't really do a lot of penetrative sex or enjoy it that much but I still like penises, not really men's penises generally but...). but you definitely conflated multiple times penises with exclusively relating to men. You kind of had the whole rant about not liking them and then ended the rant with "who needs men anyway". This heavily implies that penises and penetrative sex only applies to men, which is kind of wild and invalidating given there are two trans women in the room. not to mention that many cis women/lesbians engage in penetrative sex all the time with each other.

	I tried to kind of casually and nonconfrontationaly bring up that it bothered me by saying what about strap ons and trans people, and I'm not entirely sure what happened but  you kind of said oh that's not what I meant and moved on, and I understand it was an awkward moment but it is kind of what you said. Like it was a trans exclusionary and gender normative thing to say. So I guess I wish when I said that you had like gently apologized, but I also understand it was like a quick moment and I didn't really actually confront the issue I kind of soft peddled it.

	Charli and I talked about it afterward (and I cried in her car) and she said that she also found it upsetting as it was happening. 

	I understand that this isnt coming from a place of malice or transphobia or anything, but I 
	do think it's coming from a place of ignorance and cisgender privilege and gender Normativity that goes with that privilege, because cis people can get away with not thinking about these things or being educated on them because they don't have to. And it can be really frustrating sometimes as a trans person to be exposed to that all the time. 

	I know this is a lot please feel free to take your time responding I know it's late lol, I love you.



MESSAGE TO RAVEN ABOUT HRT
	you said you lost it and you think it's somewhere in mom and dad's, which is very different than the follow-up of its just somewhere in mom and dads. 

	I would prefer to explain how I feel and reiterate and emphasize how important they are to me rather than gate keeping them from you. So I'm not saying no, I'm saying yes but I was upset about it and I think that's pretty reasonable considering the effort I put in. I'm glad that you asked and I would rather give you an extra then you go without but I don't think a single paragraph pointing out my frustration and explaining that I consider it disrespectful to my effort is that out-of-pocket or bizarre? I think it's pretty reasonable to say someone is being careless or disrespectful for misplacing an incredibly valuable object. 

	I'm genuinely sorry that I hurt your feelings but I was just sharing how it made me feel and I think my feelings are pretty reasonable. 

MESSAGE TO STONEWALL ABOUT THE FORMAT:
	Hello! I'm on the Gayngels and my team captain Sara mentioned that you might be changing the registration format. She said that y'all might be holding a certain number of spots for new free agents on every team. 

	I just wanted to mention that as a transfeminine lesbian I think it's very important that teams are able to associate around affinity groups within queerness, and I think that's a very important thing to keep in mind when choosing the format of registration. I think many members of the team would be highly dis-incentivized from rejoining the league if the registration format ended up forcing them to switch teams into a social culture that they were not as comfortable with. Especially considering most(?) of the people in the league are gay cis men. I personally would feel very out of place on a team like that. 

	I think it would be cool at some point to have a team of predominantly trans/non-binary people, and a format that requires roster changes would make that more difficult given the low number there already are of trans people in the league.

	I'm not certain that the new format would be inherently worse for what I'm talking about but I do think that that is a very important thing to keep in mind when picking the format, and I would be happy to be part of that conversation if that is an option.

MESSAGE TO GAYNGELS ABOUT TRANSNESS
	Hello lovely people, I've been meaning to say this for a while but really did not feel like it, but I invited my friend who is also transfeminine to the social today so I feel obligated to do it. I have heard a few too many instances of cis-normativity and trans-exclusionary language from several of y'all. A few examples: 
		
	downright body shaming, like dicks are gross kind of rhetoric. - ascribing genital preferences to lesbianism, IE lesbianism equals exclusively liking vaginas, only bisexual people like dicks, etc; (you can like whatever genitals you like I don't care but the amount of generalizations I hear about it is super annoying and cis-normative). - and dicks=men kind of rhetoric, super annoying

	I understand most of this is unintentional and not meant to be malicious, but it is super not great. The fact that I feel uncomfortable bringing my transfeminine friends around some of y'all is a very bad sign and I would really appreciate to not hear this kind of thing in the future.

	(insert rant about this being at stonewall sports when the Stonewall riots literally happened off of the blood sweat and tears of trans women and none of us would be here today without them)


MESSAGE TO GSANSONE
I don't think that hardly anyone that voted for her actually thinks that Trump would be better. That take in that tweet is wild. 

For me it was very simple: Trump is going to win Florida anyway, which he did by like 10 points. I should send a market signal to the Democrats that they don't get my vote no matter what, and four years from now they have to at least throw me/other leftists a little something instead of knowing they will always win our votes and then moving toward center because they know our votes are secure and our opinions don't matter. 

I would much rather have Harris as president 1000% but I don't think that me voting for her in a deeply red state does anything productive and just tells her that she gets my vote no matter what she does. I agree that Stein is a grifter, so is PSL, and so is the DNC, so I'm not sure where that left me. 

I want the Democrats to know that they need an actual platform to run on with actual policy that will benefit workers and Palestinians and trans people and immigrants, they had no platform this time around basically just trump bad and that doesn't get people out to the polls and I want them to know that. If I lived in a swing state I would almost certainly have voted for Harris.

MESSAGE TO TEN:
	hey I was a little bit confused/upset about what you said about rankings and about not staying for your poem. I think that would be a valid thing to say if you had invited me out to poetry night or we had gone to it together, in which case I absolutely would have stayed for your poem because I care about you and I committed to going to poetry with you (which I would love to do if you ever want to go together). I also would have stayed for your poem if you had gone early. when you popped out and said you were reading a poem I did not realize that meant poetry night I thought this was like a 10 minute thing, if I had known what it was I would have said no.
	
	It feels kind of weird to expect me to abandon my community event that I invited you to. Abandoning the potluck would have been exactly the kind of behavior you are describing as bad/un-loyal and would have been me ditching like 15 people and a community event that is really important to me. You are also very important to me but I wasn't there for you I was there for the potluck and for every person that was at the potluck which included you while you were at the potluck but not for leaving for poetry night. I appreciate you and I care about you and I think this instance is an example of my loyalty and respect more than anything. and you can always know if I commit to an event with you I'm not going to ditch you for someone/something else which is ultimately what this would have been. sorry for the length of this message but you saying that upset me.
	
	-
	TEN:
	Hey, I appreciate you sharing your perspective. 

	In my mind, if I had a friend who I knew was having a difficult and emotional time, taking a small detour from an event that I’d already been at for a few hours to support their performance—rather than just casually chit-chatting—would feel like an easy way to show up for them. That’s where my joke about the “friend tier” came from. 

	Since you did initially say yes, stayed for a bit, and then left without saying anything, it did feel a little like abandonment in the moment, but I recognize that’s my own projection. Also, I completely understand about not realizing how much time would be involved upon saying yes -- I was feeling similar feelings myself. And of course, I acknowledge that your primary (or really, your only) plan for that evening was the potluck and I can respect that. 

	It gets a little confusing for me because there seems to be a “playfully mean” dynamic in place—like when you joked that you can't tell I work out. It feels a bit inconsistent when similar things get taken seriously on your end. 

	Ultimately, I’m not upset, and I do appreciate you reaching out to clarify where you were coming from
	-
	ME:
	I appreciate you sharing your perspective as well, that makes sense. I see how that would feel abandoning for me to just vanish like that, I wish I could have tapped you on the shoulder and told you I was heading out but you were pretty far away and I didn't want to be disruptive. especially given your relationship to those emotions, so I'm sorry about that.
	
	I was happy to make a small detour but then poetry night can take like for ever because it's random >.< so I definitely would have stayed if you had raised her hand to go early and would have been happy to make the detour. I wasn't just casually chitchatting, I was networking within the leftist organizing community which is something that I really wanted to do, especially because I (happily) spent the first couple hours hanging out with people I'm already friends with, so I used that time as an opportunity to do that. 
	
	as far as the dynamic goes, I understand how that can be confusing and I can not tease you/tease you less if that is preferable. at first I thought you were just teasing me and I thought it was funny but if you're teasing me about something and you're like actually serious or even partly serious ( which you were in this case? ). I do not find that fun and I would rather you just tell me that I upset/disappointed you directly. I think the working out thing is a good example of what I mean because that was completely not serious, you are super fit and like the healthiest person I know so there's like a comical level of absurdity to it. If I actually thought you needed to work out more or didn't look healthy/fit I would never make that joke. If that doesn't make sense to you I can just not tease you like that, but if I'm like partly serious about something I wont tease you about it especially if it has to do with like hurt feelings or disappointment. I really appreciate your response and I really appreciate you <3
	
MESSAGE TO SLOAN:
	I was upset when I wrote this, I'm not as upset anymore but I still want you to address my criticisms of the things you said because I think they are valid. I've had a really long week dealing with gender nonsense and I do think a couple of your comments were inappropriate.
	
	I understand that beneath all of this there is an explicit political disagreement/discussion to be had about representation in media. Specifically bourgeois media and the way that is used in society and the way that we as Marxists use and interpret that information that we are exposed to. I'm not like super trying to discuss that at length right now, I mostly just wanted to address a couple things that you said that hurt my feelings and I think were inappropriate and I would love an apology:

	hey your comment comparing the representation of queerness in the movie to 90s comedy transphobia against trans women really upset me. I think that one step removed is a massive exaggeration/untrue, and I also don't think that name dropping that as your example in front of a transfeminine person is appropriate, it was like pretty irrelevant to the conversation and not something I want to hear about. and I know that the conversation got cut off when Jacob changed the question but it also upset me that I mentioned not liking your analogy and you didn't say anything. I realize that you may not have realized that I was genuinely upset but when I mentioned really not liking your analogy that was not just like a continuation of a political discussion that was a criticism of a comment that I consider inappropriate. I realize I could have been more explicit in stating that and I should have done that.
	
	And this is kind of secondary but I think saying 'queer people that liked it/connected to it either have terrible media literacy or are assimilationist' is kind of rude when there are several queer people in the call that clearly liked the movie so you might as well just be roasting us directly. Art doesn't have to be a perfect representation of dialectical materialism to be emotionally meaningful to oppressed groups that are scraping the bottom of dumpsters for droplets of representation in American media, especially trans people who mostly deal with just complete garbage. I think you can make your broader point about the issues the movie had without resorting to 'the people that got something out of it are ignorant'. (I know that's not a perfect quote I don't remember exactly what you said, and I know that it was just an offhand comment and I'm kind of extrapolating but that's how it made me feel)

MESSAGE TO VALERIE ABOUT LESBIANISM:
	Hey I know you didn't (probably hopefully) mean anything by it but you've made comments a couple times about relating lesbianism to like hating penises and assigning genital preferences to lesbianism. That's very upsetting to me as a trans person, and in general it's very trans exclusionary and a lot of lesbians don't feel that way or even have that preference. you can have whatever genital preferences you want but I don't really want to hear about it or hear that preference ascribed as a generalization of lesbianism, It's not correct and it's hurtful to me and harmful to the community. 

	Oh shoot, I’m so sorry! I was saying it more as a personal thing, but you’re totally right! I didn’t mean to hurt feelings or anything. I’ll be better about that from now on.

	thank you I really appreciate that ❤️

	Of course! Please let me know if I cross any other boundaries, I’ll be sure to take everything into consideration in the future!

	I'm so sorry to message again about this but it didn't feel totally resolved to me. I really appreciate you apologizing for hurting my feelings, but I want to be clear that these are not just my personal boundaries. You were making generalizations about a sexual orientation that are based on body types and biological sex rather than gender and that is always exclusionary and problematic.
	
	You expressed your views in a way that is more than personal preference, you ascribed it to lesbianism specifically and contrasted that by saying there are three bisexuals on the team which is implying that the only people that don't feel that way are bisexual which is conflating genitalia with gender. you didn't explicitly say "all lesbians on the team/in general don't like penises" but that is the implication.

	Additionally, there's a really important difference between expressing a preference and expressing disgust at X body parts/body types shared by Y group of people. everyone has their own sexual/romantic preferences but if that is presented in the form of showing disgust at a specific body type (race, skin color, biological sex, genitalia, body size, etc) then it becomes really problematic.

	and all of that is not even to mention that a lot of people are on the ace/aro spectrum and genitalia is just not that important for a lot of people when it comes to romantic/physical attraction.

	I'm genuinely sorry for the essay but I've heard similar things from a couple people in the group now and it's really not a pleasant experience to hear that as a trans person in a space that is supposed to be safe and inclusive.

ON SECURITY LIAISONS AT PROTESTS:
	okay so I have a few half-baked thoughts on this, if you don't really care that much feel free to give me a half-assed reply lmao :P I've just been giving this a lot of thought lately and you're in the wrong place at the wrong time

	I agree about the covid thing obviously, but I've been seeing arguments like this from a lot of militant leftist organizations lately and I think it's kind of disregarding/dismissing the need in the movement for a large diversity of tactics. Obviously we need militant direct action but we also need organizations that run more controlled and overtly peaceful protests to bring out people that would not otherwise come which in my opinion is a ton of people. say what you will about people unwilling to get their hands dirty but they are an incredibly important resource. :P


	I think that "not allowed" thing is trickier than it initially appears and I don't know where I fall on it. I agree that if a protest were to arise organically virtually any amount of organizational policing would be unacceptable, but on the other hand if a specific organization organizes a specific event for a specific reason and promises the attendees that it will be low risk, I don't personally think I see any issue with them asking people not to endanger the participants. especially when they are the ones that are going to end up having to bail those people out using their own limited resources.

	If anything, I think the agitators might be violating the principles of free association because that group of people currently protesting does not want to associate with that behavior in that moment. like they are obviously allowed to do whatever they want but I don't think it's unfair to ask them not to? 

	But ultimately I do agree we need more throwing down in place of like state-sponsored symbolic protests I just think that both have their place and having some form of division between them is probably not a bad thing and would increase turnout among less committed people.

	Getting involved how? thats such an interesting conundrum to me


TO JESSIE ABOUT TALKING ABOUT HOW HOT PEOPLE ARE:
	I'll give you a better/more complete response in the morning but I feel that, and I'm sorry I did/do that. that does sound uncomfortable. I will not do that anymore to the best of my ability and please yell at me if I ever do or do anything similar. And I understand how your history with that kind of thing could interact with that in a very negative way. <3 I hope you sleep well too.

	I will stop doing it and I'm sorry , just an explanation of I guess where I was coming from or why I think I did it: 

	I think the main thing is I don't personally view it in a horny way a lot of the time it's a little bit more objective for me like saying "I love that movie". And if it's a movie I really love and think is really great I like "expect" the other person to either agree or disagree and we can like "debate" it in a way that I find fun. Like in the context of the movie I would rather someone disagree than just like acknowledge the statement because then we can actually discuss it. If someone just acknowledges it I'm often confused what they think about it. But obviously since you don't enjoy it then I will stop.

	But I understand (especially now) that not everyone finds that fun in general, especially about this subject matter and especially for you given your relationship to the whole topic. So for me is less like actually horny and more like how horny I get when I talk about Radiohead, it's just something I find fun and I think maybe a replacement for actual horniness which is something I've been struggling with lately in terms of not having any.

	But anyway, I love you and I will stop doing that <3 and I hope you sleep well
	
TO MOM ABOUT ARTICLE ABOUT HAMAS:
	I'm feeling a lot better but still coughing and sick . Well you're never not going to get a conversation for me if you share an article. That's the price. 
	
	this turned out way longer than I intended because at the end of the day if you don't understand the root of my viewpoints then none of the toppings make sense. I go into a general overview of imperialism, colonialism, exploitation that I think is central to my argument here. Obviously it all comes back to America and economics. I'm tired of discussing the specifics of these issues without just explaining my overall worldview on them. Here it is in all its glory. These are all pretty well regarded viewpoints in left-leaning political science circles and economic circles so I would love if you try to take at least some of them seriously. I'm sure there is stuff that would make you upset or sad but whatever. I don't think you have ever seriously grappled with some of these concepts (at least my perception from our conversations) which is not surprising because most Americans don't. I can recommend some books or further reading if you are interested written by people that are way more knowledgeable on this than I am or you are. I might have an anti-American bias but you clearly have a strong pro-American bias and I don't think that you have analyzed where that comes from and where you get your information from. Anyway:

	This article was genuinely atrocious. If you took out the adjectives it would be about three words long and completely insubstantial. yes Hamas is a violent organization that is extremely totalitarian, this is not new information. However the presentation of this information in this article is incredibly misleading. Hamas exists because of the external pressure that Israel puts on the Gaza Strip, and that is deeply glossed over in the article. it is mentioned at the end but that is the source of everything, not something to tack on to the end because you have to.
	
	anytime Hamas is mentioned in the article or October 7 is mentioned these adjectives like horrendous, ruthless, unapologetic, masochistic, nihilistic, suicidal, etc. and then they mention a genocide that has killed 200,000 people like this: "Israel’s inability to pressure Palestinians into submission through high casualty numbers" that is a ludicrous phrasing. That phrasing sounds like it came directly from the US State Department. I essentially agree with the basic premise of the article, I think most people do, the issue is that this premise and the phrasing of it is being used to justify genocide, as if the colonial power that created this mess is going to fix it with more violence. So my answer to the article would be so what?what do we do with this information?more Western interventionism?more genocide?more colonialism?more bombs to Netanyahu?More Islamophobia? 
	
	the fundamental problem here is that the people of Gaza and Palestine in general are not free, they do not have right of return, bodily autonomy, autonomy of movement, control over their own economic destinies,they have been living in an apartheid state ( as ruled by the international criminal court and the UN ). so ultimately none of this matters in the context of this genocide because they need autonomy to fix this themselves not be bombed into submission which is something that has been tried over and over and as far as I know has never worked. We killed millions of people in the Middle East in Iraq and Afghanistan and it was a disaster, we did it in Kuwait and it was a disaster, we did in Vietnam and it was a disaster. if another country did to us what we do to them using the exact same justifications we would lose our freaking minds. 
	
	half the people in America would go to war over a plastic bag ban or an SUV banbecause they love freedom so much, meanwhile they expect Palestinian people to wait around peacefully for their oppressors to allow them basic human needs like drinking water and food. How long would Americans suffer under those conditions without violent uprising? not very long, and we would see it is completely justified when they did. 
	
	there is a massive double standard between Ukraine and Palestine. The Ukrainian people hunker down and fight guerrilla warfare against Russia and we love them for it. Zelenski could tell people to hold their ground and stay in place and fight and we would all cheer, but when Palestinians refuse to leave their homes and then entire blocks of apartment complexes are bombed into dust with people still inside people love to point out that Israel warned them to leave three hours before. As if they are required to leave their ancestral homeland because American F-16s flew over dropping leaflets. Not to mention that the refugee camps get bombed too. To me it's really asinine to be sending articles like that, it may not explicitly justify genocide or occupation but it really feels like an attempts to implicitly justify it. Maybe that was not your intention but it definitely feels like the intention of the article and this rhetoric is used every single day to justify this genocide so I really did not enjoy reading it.
	
	Just because a culture is homophobic or sexist or racist does not mean that they need American imperialism to save them. They need to have the opportunity of self-determination and the people of Gaza have not had that for almost a century and nothing that comes out of that situation will surprise me. we should be careful when judging oppressed peoples for their actions against oppression, especially when that judgment has historically and is currently being used to justify more and more violence against them.
	
	the author of this article refuses to call a genocide a genocide and refuses to condemn Israel. They keep referring to it as a war as if both sides are equal competitors. I cannot take them seriously and the only reason anyone does is because they are Palestinian. 
	
	I'm not sure what all you know about the history of the founding of Israel and Zionism in general, but it is a settler colonial project supported by the British Empire and then the American Empire primarily due to European anti-Semitism and imperialist and colonialist aspirations. I am highly skeptical that you would be supportive of China or Russia forcibly setting up an ethno-state inside the United States for Native Americans and then using violence and immense military might to subjugate the neighboring populations and forcing them to live as second-class citizens. It sounds like an absurd scenario but that's literally what Zionism is and what the British mandate was. They are on record in the late 19th century casually saying that the Zionist project can only exist through violence and the subjugation of the native people. 
	
	also my analogy is kind of bad because we are not indigenous to this land and Palestinian people are. So you have two groups of people, both indigenous, and one has created a nation on top of an existing nation with the military support of the British Empire on top of a tiny strip of land were 2 million people were currently living and they expect no violence, no pushback from these people? 
	
	I am genuinely curious is there a nonparallel in my analogy or is it fitting and would you support such a project and sit idly by as they take over Jacksonville, force you into the Boones, control your food and water and movement, and eventually start bombing you?
	
	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nakba 
	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Settler_colonialism
	
	also one thing I find really annoying about the dialogue around this is the usage of the word terrorism to apply to certain acts by certain groups and not to other ones. When Palestinians commit literally any act of violence it is terrorism, because they are Muslim, because they are decentralized, because they use guerrilla warfare, because they are oppressed? and then Israel literally bombs them every single day for a year and kills 200,000 people including around 100,000 children and that is not terrorism?what are they doing if not terrorizing the people of the Gaza Strip? what form of violence could Palestine do and not be called terrorists? what could Israel possibly due to be called a terrorist in your eyes? it feels like at this point they've done everything imaginable including every war crime known to man, sniping children, sniping journalists, chemical weapon attacks which are illegal: https://www.hrw.org/news/2023/10/12/israel-white-phosphorus-used-gaza-lebanon

	The simple answer is that they are a developed westernized nation and so anything they do is viewed through a lens of imperialist and colonialist conceptions of war, meanwhile Palestine is a backwards, Muslim, savage country and anything they do is viewed through a lens of savagery and terrorism. We as Americans have been primed through decades of propaganda to view our wars that we wage in backwards countries as justified, orderly, and normal. America killed 1 1/2 million people in Iraq and Afghanistan but that's not terrorism, that's an accident. We are not evil, we made a mistake. Yes that one was unjustified but surely the next one will be justified.
	
	at the end of the day if someone uses a bomb vest to blow up a military base we call that terrorism, but if an organized military carpet bombs an entire apartment building full of families we don't call that terrorism. That double standard is ultimately at the heart of so much of this issue. There is an implicit legitimization to every bomb dropped from a plane by Israel in the eyes of most Westerners. And a lot of it has to do with us versus them, the refined Westerner versus the savage Muslim. I think you're going to deny having that bias but to be honest you're a White Gen X American Christian and I feel like you have it, genuinely really curious to hear your thoughts on this one.
	
	how many millions of people do we need to slaughter and how many unjust wars do we need to fight until we are the bad guy?how many mistakes do we need to make before we realize how unjust the entire project is and we are not the arbiter of morality for the world, and most of our interventions completely suck. How many trillions do we have to spend every decade on our military when we can't even give FEMA enough money to save our own citizens?or pay for healthcare or college?
	
	sorry if any of this is extremely harsh, I'm kind of very tired of discussing this kind of thing and the specifics when there is such a vast underlying disagreement about the entire shape of the problem. We can argue about the specifics of anyone symptom of the problem or particular manifestation of it, but as long as we have a fundamental disagreement about the nature of American imperialism and colonialism we will never agree. you will probably come to the conclusion that I hate America or that I am not gracious to it or something, but at this moment and in our conversations it feels like you are profoundly underinformed about the nature of neocolonialism, economic imperialism, American military interventionism and general foreign policy, and why we do the things that we do.
	
	Last time we talked about Iraq you said they thought they had nuclear weapons: "A study coauthored by the Center for Public Integrity found that in the two years after September 11, 2001, the president and top administration officials had made 935 false statements, in an orchestrated public relations campaign to galvanize public opinion for the war, and that the press was largely complicit in its uncritical coverage of the reasons adduced for going to war"
	
	the United States government will lie to us about their reasons for things and then justify them after the fact and more often than not CNN is a lapdog to power if that government has a D in its name, and vice versa. I understand that post 9/11 was a very strange time, but I promise you this CIA and Cheney and Bush knew what they were doing, maybe not Bush that guy's an idiot: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3p9y_OEAdc but definitely Dick Cheney did that dude is straight up evil
	
	and no I don't think this is some grand conspiracy or some deep state, this is all on Wikipedia and a lot of it is pretty well agreed on by a lot of left-leaning political scientists. It's obviously not a mainstream opinion (within the United States) but it's also not unfounded or conspiratorial. I don't think it's that crazy to think that the global superpower that we reside in is not some morally pure good good boy, it wasn't a good good boy when we genocided the Native Americans, or when we had slaves pretty long after most other countries did ( Mexico outlawed slavery 30 years before we did , we are not some moral leaders that were the first to have the idea especially if it's regarding any disruption of our economic system ). or when we fought a literal war, one of the bloodiest of all times, just to keep our slaves. or any of the authoritarian governments that we have set up around the world in order to further our economic interests, even invading or destroying democratically elected governments for our own gain. We lost our minds at the concept of Russia doing that to us but at this point it would be karma

	Https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/U.S._policy_toward_authoritarian_governments 
	
	It wasn't a good good boy during Jim Crow or Rodney King or Marcellus Williams or Fred Hampton or the KKK or Vietnam or Kuwait or Iraq or Afghanistan or factory farming ( the United States has some of the worst factory farms on earth and the worst regulations ) and I think it's kind of asinine to look back 10 or 20 or 30 or 50 years and realize how bad it was then without reflecting on the fact that maybe it's bad now and most liberals wait until things are in the history books to acknowledge how bad they are and that is a very deeply unproductive and very slow system that allows hegemonic powers to stay unchecked for decades or centuries. 
	
	And you probably think all of this is too harsh, exaggerated, cherry picking every bad thing we've done for 300 years (not even close to true), but at the end of the day you don't become the most powerful organization in the entire world by being the most moral and I really wish people would stop conflating those two things. The most moral countries are small and quiet, not constantly at war, toppling democratically elected governments, supporting war criminals, electing fascists. There is a reason that billions of people around the world hate us because a lot of them have either been bombed or couped or economically exploited.

	sorry if any of this is a little bit harsh. I feel really strongly about the subject and I'm pretty decently learned on it, considering going back to college for something similar because I'm really passionate about it. And you know those leftist colleges eat this stuff up. At the end of the day it feels like no matter what facts or argumentation I bring into the conversation you kind of implicitly defend America based on vibes. I'm not sure if you understand what I mean by that but it's really frustrating for me, we will argue about things that I know about and you don't and it always feels like I'm met with such intense skepticism even about objective facts that I've known for years and that should be taught in schools. A few examples are MKULTRA which you looked at me like I was crazy when I brought up but it's a fact. Also Fred Hampton, you didn't believe me that the FBI murdered him and acted like it was some conspiracy theory, it's true check Wikipedia. It feels like no matter how many times I'm right and bring facts to the table Im looked at like I believe in pizza gate or QAnon. it takes forever to convince you and then when I do you write it off as some isolated incident. 
	
	sorry I just thought of one more example. Factory farming is a great one, it took me so long to convince you that there was anything wrong. I would show you things and you would always say it was an isolated incident and it was impossible to get you to see the systemic problem that it was. Eventually you cracked and I appreciate that but also factory farming, kind of an obvious one, I've known it was wrong since I was a child I don't even know when I've just always known. And yet I had to fight tooth and nail for a very long time for you to take that seriously and you have such a strong bias toward thinking things are isolated incidents and everything is mostly good and getting better. As you now know, it's a literal holocaust in there and no one cares, CNN doesn't talk about it like ever even though it's one of the worst moral abuses of our time. This is all on Wikipedia for anyone to read and no one cares. CNN has turkeys for Thanksgiving and meat recipes on their website. they are not some arbiter of morality and justice in the world, especially when it comes to issues of deep economic importance like factory farming, neoimperialism, and neocolonialism. talking to dad about climate change is a very similar thing.
	
	I love you, sorry if you think I'm nuts.
	
	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intensive_animal_farming

	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rationale_for_the_Iraq_War#Conclusions
	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_imperialism
	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neocolonialism
	
TO BRYN ABOUT RED READING CIRCLE CONFLICT:
	I'm sorry for how all of that was handled and any way that I contributed to that. I did not realize how blind siding it was and that no one had even brought it up to you. I wish I had been cognizant of that and thought to bring it up. 
	
	I thought you handled it really well with everything you said at the end and I really appreciated everything you said. I hope that everything can be resolved and that you will want to keep coming, I always enjoy your contributions and I will be sad if you leave but I completely understand. I know you don't know me that well but if you ever need someone to talk to feel free to reach out.
	
TO SLOAN:
	how are you feeling about everything? I hope that my criticisms of the way it was brought up were constructive and not too heavy-handed, and I'm sorry if they were not constructive. I understand how difficult it is to bring these things up especially if the culture is working against it and I really appreciate you doing it. I do think there is a lot to learn for all of us in terms of the way it was done And I'm happy to work together to create a better system and culture to do that.
	
REPLY TO JACOB:
	I just read through it, thank you for the history was very interesting. I'm not sure I have a good enough basis in Marxist thought or reading group organization to really make a judgment call on the health or state of the curriculum right now, but I will reread it a few times and look into some of the things you mentioned. I have definitely noticed that it has been very meta-and self centric recently which obviously is not welcoming to new people.

	I agree with a lot of your criticisms of the group feeling like a small closed group but also a publicly open group. It is certainly difficult to balance those two things and I don't think at least from my experience and what you wrote that is being accomplished very well. I'm not really sure what the solution is.

	I have never heard of unhinged being considered ablest, I see the argument but I also think it's a word that is so common and not widely considered ablest that I would be very gentle if correcting someone on their usage of it especially in a public group chat. Eleanor can be kind of intense and very blunt. If you happened to have screenshots of that interaction in the group chat or if it still exists I would love to see it for added context but no worries if you don't want to. 

	I also agree about the selective/inconsistent criticism. It felt like everything Brynn has ever done was mentioned all at once with no warning to her or prior confrontation. It's really unhelpful (and ablest) to bring all of that up in front of everyone when no one has even brought it up to her basically at all...?When I heard about all of it I was like yeah that sounds pretty bad, and then when I heard she hadn't even had it brought up to her I was shook. it is in no way productive to spring all of this on her in front of a bunch of people when she hasn't even been DMd about it.

	I'm also skeptical of the label of trans misogyny being thrown around. I don't have enough information but that is a very powerful label and Sloan admitted themselves that it is a slippery accusation. When I first heard that word I was like oh my God what happened??? and then it turns out that the accusation is Bryn treating Eleanor like shes scared of her. Or at least that's basically the extent that has been portrayed to me. I am not an expert on trans misogyny but Eleanor can be pretty intense and very blunt and I find her kind of intimidating and that has nothing to do with her gender. Bryn was being treated in pretty similar ways with people suggesting she is intimidating/standoffish and I never heard the word misogyny thrown around with regards to that. I understand there's a difference between trans misogyny and misogyny and a lot of these traits are more common in trans misogyny but pointing them out is not inherently trans misogyny, anyone can exhibit these traits. (please don't share my perspective on Eleanor with anyone besides maybe Bryn if it feels relevant. Also I am not an expert on trans misogyny and I'm not certain everything I said was correct)

	This feels like overkill for a reading group but it kinda feels to me like we need to put some conflict resolution information in our bylaws, and possibly have a role for a conflict mediator. When I say it it sounds kind of excessive but I feel like so much of this could've been avoided with a simple checklist/procedure/helper before it's brought up on main in front of everyone. What do you think about that?
	
REPLY AND READ RATING CIRCLE CHAT TO BRYN AND JACOB
	I appreciate you both taking the time to reply and share your thoughts. I agree with a lot of what you both said and that we as a group did not handle the criticism very constructively, and I apologize and acknowledge the part that I played in that. This is something that we all clearly have a lot to reflect on and learn from, and I hope that we can discuss this as a group in order to bring up and resolve conflicts in a more constructive way in the future. 
	
	I am sad to hear that you're both leaving but I understand and I wish you both the best. I always enjoyed both of your perspectives in our discussions.
	
	I don't really have any thoughts on your criticism of the theory and the direction of that, I lack the knowledge base to really have an opinion.
	
REPLY TO SLOAN ABOUT WHITE WOMAN'S TEARS:
	Hey do you have any resources or anything in terms of systems for group conflict resolution?I'm interested in writing up a proposal for next week but I'm not really sure where to start. I would also be interested in collaborating if that sounds productive to you. I would be free for a call or meeting up in person sometime this week if that sounds productive.

	I agree with your analysis of the contradiction, that makes more sense to me.

	I read through the essay and I do agree with you about the similarities but I also think there are some key differences especially with the specific example that they used in the article. that being said I am white and not the most knowledgeable person on this topic so both of us should take all of my opinions with a grain of salt. I also was not there to witness most of her behavior so I'm not fully informed.

	nothing I'm about to say vindicates her of the root issue of her behavior. That is obviously a huge issue. I realize that the procedure of how it was handled has taken center stage in this conversation but that is also because she is gone now and I think going forward figuring out how this should be handled in the future is very important in my opinion. As well as reducing our conflict avoidance which goes hand-in-hand. If Demetri had not been conflict avoidant and told her what the discussion item was directly about so much of this could have been avoided.

	A lot of the conversation was directly about her behavior so it's less unusual for her emotions to come up and be part of the discussion. I think that in combination with the fact that she was not warned in advance and has anxiety makes it pretty reasonable to expect a strong emotional reaction and for that to become part of the conversation. 

	if this had been brought up to her one on one and then she had been alerted that it would be brought up in the discussion I would 100% completely agree with you because it definitely needed to be discussed. But I do think the way everything was handled lends credence to her behavior.

	sorry that this is very long, no worries on a quick reply and I would be happy to have a call or discuss in person if that is preferable.
	
REPLY TO MOM NEVER SENT:
	I don't really feel Hashing this out and it's only been five days and many different experts are saying many different things. But at the end of the day he won over a lot of black men not black women which is an important distinction. In the same goes for Hispanic voters but to a lesser extent. So I don't think that rules out the misogyny allegations. Also one of the biggest voting blocks missing from the Democratic ticket was white suburban men so not beating either allegation on that one. 

	And yes I know about that, I don't  live under a rock. I'm also thoroughly unconvinced that his tax plan won't just increase income inequality and further harm working-class people While benefiting the ultrarich. 

MESSAGE TO JACOB ABOUT DEGROWTH
	hey I read the first two articles, and I really don't think the second one is a productive critique for us to read following the first one. If there's no way to change the article at this point literally no worries it'll be fine, but if it is possible I would love to look for a different critique of degrowth and I would be happy to help with that.

	I find the critique to be extremely specific to specific claims that Saito made which are not present in the first reading. Without reading Saito's work it feels out of place to me to read this highly specific analysis of specific claims about Marx's conception of growth versus degrowth that Saito makes. I feel like the critique article has not addressed general modern conceptions of degrowth and has hyper focused on some very specific claims that Saito made, which in my opinion are irrelevant to my overall opinion/development of an opinion on degrowth as a Marxist. Even if everything they said is completely true it has no bearing on my actual opinion of degrowth in 2024, especially because climate change did not "exist" when Marx was alive.
	
MESSAGE TO HANNAH ABOUT UNPROTECTED SEX:
	Hey love, it kind of surprised and upset me that you tried to initiate unprotected sex without asking for explicit verbal consent. I know you mentioned wanting to do it, but a nonresponse from me in that situation is not me giving consent.I still had a really good time last night and I care about you a lot <3
	
	I would be open to doing it in the future but we would have to have a conversation about testing/sexual history first.
	
	