NANCY, DISAPPEARED MESSAGE DO NOT REPRINT:
Thanks, Jamie.  I appreciate that we both want the cmc to go on but want to voice my concerns.
I feel that the current demise/dysfunction of the cmc is due to the appointment of Sloan as the coordinator.  Some months ago (can’t remember board meeting or otherwise), indicated that the terms of their employment did not require presence in the space.  That has since been borne out.  Gaby and I have experienced (very infrequently) times where Sloan would come in through the back door,  go immediately up to the office without greeting us or asking how things were going, etc.  Basic common courtesy and coordinator behavior.
Moving on.  I agreed to staff with Eleanor when she proposed staffing Tuesday - why not?  More open hours,  different clients,etc.
Eleanor and I did not get along - it happens.
More to the point, I experienced Eleanor as a bully who was keeping tabs on me rather than a a co-worker who might question me on certain actions  and always extrapolate to the most dire conclusions.
Without cherry picking through the weeds, i will single out one interaction Eleanor cites.
Whoadie and I were talking to leave the space.  I have known whoadie for a long time and we have a causal, jokey relationship.  He took this interaction as such.  Many such.
More recently, I dm’d Eleanor (delatlely) to discuss our differences offline as she had making vague insinuations about the “Nancy and gaby problems”.  That she felt fit to share my dm with the group is a betrayal.
Since no one (except sada) objected to her tactics I felt I was walking into an ambush.
Personal issues have been fairly recent (vis a vis 13 years) but I do feel I have been thrown to the wolves.
Longer standing problems from the current regime include committees that accomplish nothing or wordlessly dissolve (e.g., tech committee), community computer and printer still not working (months if not years), ongoing unresolved issues with the premises (keys, unhoused neighbors, drugs and the community perception thereof), relationships with our business neighbors (possibly landlord too), dysfunctional handling of joe and attendant funding loss, lack of stepping up to help gaby and me with staffing and therefore lack of understanding of how the cmc actually operates in the real world.
