Things I want to talk to Charli about:
	Existing in shared spaces together.
	
	Texting and boundaries, space and weather us texting is interfering with your space or your ability to heal and be independent. I do really enjoy your texts but I don't want to encourage that or maintain that if it's just going to cause us further harm and prolong the healing process unnecessarily.
	
	the ambiguity of boundaries at this point is confusing and difficult for me. And I don't say that because I want like strict or defined boundaries because I kind of don't. But sometimes I just like really want to text you and I don't know if I should, or I really want to call you and I kind of know I shouldn't. And that just really sucks. I don't really have anything to do about this and am not looking for a solution – Because i'm not sure there is one – I just want to say that it sucks. Like today I texted Hannah and Otter and Tiffany, and I really wanted to tell you about it but I guess I will on Wednesday.
	
	the quote about the sun rising by Thoreau.
	
	Circe. Poetry Jam. science fiction short story
	
	Feeling strange and wanting to feel strange. Not wanting everything to just feel like normal.
	
	My message and cool stuff with cool people and Jessie
	
	The conversation from a week before that really upset me. Sometimes I just feel like resentment and I really don't want to feel that way.
	
	Hannah, Otter and Tiffany
	
	Do you think that our relationship delayed you getting better and becoming more independent. Or do you think it's what you needed at the time and helped you to get to a place where you could work on yourself. Or somewhere in between?at different stages.
	
	what could I have done better? what did I do that helped foster codependency?do you think we ever had a chance and just couldn't quite hack it? or were we destined only for loss?
	
	I think that me being so comfortable in our relationship, and kind of complacent(?) played a big role. I always wanted to rot and was looking for any opportunity to do that with you, and I think that's definitely not what you needed. But I just felt so comfortable rotting with you. We had some good rots. I'm a little bit frustrated at the timing because I feel like I had just begun to really unpack my codependence on you and my codependence on our rot and to really start to work to resolving it on my end, and then everything ended.
	
	
	
	feeling like this wall go up of emotionlessness. It just goes up sometimes when I'm feeling too much but I feel like for your sake for my sake or social sake or something I'm not allowed to fill out way or it would be harmful to express that to one or both of us. And so I just get this like wall of emotionlessness. I'm not entirely sure what to do about it. I really don't want to feel that way toward you.


for Charli for Christmas:
	people to leave little voice memos:
		Amy, Natalia, Izzy, me, Bobby, Neena, Leah??? bea?? A and J, Hollyn
		
		Addison. Bana, Lexi. Laura Jane Grace????
		
		Holland, Allie, Jamila, 10, Rigo????
		
		need to get Amy's number

hi u :)) I am making another mix tape for Charli for Christmas. It would be supersweet if some friends/loved ones had little cameo voice memos on the tape. Is that something you would be excited about/willing to do? I can send you some more like specific details if you're down to do it!


https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ls0l8oXm96ymHP1HOa_NrYZMVNgm0Q4JZl5_ZjS89XE/edit?tab=t.0

relationship trauma two-part mix tape:
	mixtape - relationship trauma, and healthy relationships
	
	mountain goats, Big Thief, adriana, the microphones, iron and wine?, 

	fleet foxes, besame mucho, anything else, Norah jones, Leanne la havas, 9 Adrianne lenker,


songs for future mix tapes:
	I won't hurt you

okay so I'm thinking this one will be all local:
	against me!
	quil
	confession kids
	rug
	drosera
	???
	Rigo??
	I think like at least two or three more bands?maybe I can sneakily ask her what her favorite bands are that are local
	deadharriend when I sawI thought it like a Charli Aiken cut off the end of the year I didn't realize that

	!!!!!!!!!!lars din next dollar after
	https://www.last.fm/music/Lars+Din/Know+Where+You+Are+%2F+Conflict

	A short list of some of my favorite Gainesville artists / bands:
	Against Me! / Laura
	Discount
	papercranes
	Bobby Scharping
	Confession Kids / Quil
	Drosera
	Rugh
	Suddenly
	Dikembe
	Thrush
	deadharrie










ALBUMS:
	Searching for a Former Clarity - Against Me!
	Boys & Girls - Alabama Shakes 
	Trouble in Paradise - La Roux




hi Charli, I love you. this is just a cute little mix tape I made for you, I hope you love it, I really enjoyed making it for you. hopefully there will be many more. A few of the songs are directly related to just things we did together, anything, don't talk put your head on my shoulder, and passenger seat really give me that feeling of just cherishing the time we spent together. And some songs like swinging party are kind of about our shared sadness. A few of the songs have mono normative lyrics or themes but just look past that. Anyway, this is for Charli volume 1 mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm