Things I want to talk to Charli about:

Existing in shared spaces together.

Texting and boundaries, space and weather us texting is interfering with your space or your ability to heal and be independent. I do really enjoy your texts but I don't want to encourage that or maintain that if it's just going to cause us further harm and prolong the healing process unnecessarily.

the ambiguity of boundaries at this point is confusing and difficult for me. And I don't say that because I want like strict or defined boundaries because I kind of don't. But sometimes I just like really want to text you and I don't know if I should, or I really want to call you and I kind of know I shouldn't. And that just really sucks. I don't really have anything to do about this and am not looking for a solution – Because i'm not sure there is one – I just want to say that it sucks. Like today I texted Hannah and Otter and Tiffany, and I really wanted to tell you about it but I guess I will on Wednesday.

Seeing Cedar in the midst of intense grief and breakup. Both in terms of internally and the way that other people view that and the mononormativity of it all. 

I feel like to some extent you maybe got some like head start on grieving all of this because it was like all working in your brain for a while before/leading up to the breakup. But for me this was one of the most sudden and shocking and discombobulating events of my life thus far.

the quote about the sun rising by Thoreau.

Going to shows together, having no one to go with.

picking myself flowers

who have you been hanging out with? what have you been up to? who I have and have not been hanging out with. associating those worlds with you

Eldon ring and Lord of the rings. Finishing things and not finishing things. Promises and unknowns. 

Circe. Poetry Jam. science fiction short story

Feeling strange and wanting to feel strange. Not wanting everything to just feel like normal.

My message and cool stuff with cool people and Jessie

The conversation from a week before that really upset me. Sometimes I just feel like resentment and I really don't want to feel that way.

Hannah, Otter and Tiffany

Do you think that our relationship delayed you getting better and becoming more independent. Or do you think it's what you needed at the time and helped you to get to a place where you could work on yourself. Or somewhere in between?at different stages.

what could I have done better? what did I do that helped foster codependency?do you think we ever had a chance and just couldn't quite hack it? or were we destined only for loss?

I think that me being so comfortable in our relationship, and kind of complacent(?) played a big role. I always wanted to rot and was looking for any opportunity to do that with you, and I think that's definitely not what you needed. But I just felt so comfortable rotting with you. We had some good rots. I'm a little bit frustrated at the timing because I feel like I had just begun to really unpack my codependence on you and my codependence on our rot and to really start to work to resolving it on my end, and then everything ended.

feeling like this wall go up of emotionlessness. It just goes up sometimes when I'm feeling too much but I feel like for your sake for my sake or social sake or something I'm not allowed to fill out way or it would be harmful to express that to one or both of us. And so I just get this like wall of emotionlessness. I'm not entirely sure what to do about it. I really don't want to feel that way toward you.
