Pushy Accommodation/Malevolent Accommodation/Negligent Optimism/Forced Accommodation

Not taking no for an answer: Men, ableism, and Forced Accommodation

As an autistic transsexual with a physical disability one of my least favorite sentences that I too often hear is "oh don't worry it'll be fun!". I hear this a little too frequently (especially from men) anytime I give any reason that I can't do anything that the other person wants to do. 

As an autistic person I find certain situations very overwhelming to my senses, as a devout trans person I find certain social situations extremely uncomfortable, and as a physically disabled person I find certain activities to be un-fun, painful, or impossible. I don't necessarily want to explain all of the reasons that I can't or don't want to do something every time an opportunity is offered to me. I rarely want to debase myself by fully explaining all of the reasons that I can't do something, sometimes I just want to give a quick simple reason and be done with the conversation, especially in group settings. 

unfortunately, it doesn't always work out that way. Sometimes when invited to something that sounds pretty profoundly unpleasant for one of the above reasons I will say something like "oh sorry I can't go, long car rides are really difficult for me". It feels like more often than not, especially if I'm talking to a cis man, the response will be something akin to "Oh don't worry about it we can make frequent stops", or "oh don't worry about it you can have the comfiest seat". This language of "oh don't worry about it" comes off so dismissive and pushy, and rarely fails to make me feel deeply unlistened to.

I do appreciate in some capacity the desire to accommodate me, but ultimately it comes down to: barely listening to me as you barrel through the conversation, mashing the X button on your controller to speed through all of the dialogue options until I agree to participate in whatever activity I've been asked to participate in. 
	
This all stems from a deep unwillingness to take no for an answer. I've said it before and I'll say it again, this is behavior that I almost exclusively experience from men. Frequently directed at women, sometimes in extremely horrendous ways, sometimes in more innocuous ways like I'm discussing here. But also frequently directed at each other. This is extremely prevalent in the social circles of men, they treat each other like this all the time so when interacting with non-men it's the most "normal" and expected way to interact. If I had a nickel for every "bro don't worry it'll be fun" that I heard when growing up in my past life socialized as a boy, I would have like 200 nickels which is not that much money but like kind of a lot of nickels.

it often feels like the moment that certain people are extremely passionate about something or really want you to join for something the listening part of their brain just shuts off completely and they just push and push and push. One of my least favorite social situations among people that I otherwise respect is having to give more than two or three reasons that I can't do something. At some point it feels like I just have to debase myself and really show off my disability and how little I can do as a human being just to get them to shut up and stop trying to convince me to do something that I don't want to or cannot do.

So how can people do better? The answer is hopefully clearly not to just never accommodate anyone and never offer suggestions/accommodations. the answer is a change in mindset away from shoving through conversations without actively and deeply listening. the answer is asking questions instead of telling me that everything will be fine and cool and fun. Instead of "bro don't worry it will be fine" questions like "would it make it enjoyable/doable for you if we accommodated you in this way?". I recognize that phrasing is a little bit clunky but I'm sure you can figure it out. 

but ultimately, it's about listening, asking, and finally and most importantly, actually taking no for an answer. If you've asked me three times about different ways you could accommodate me and I don't sound that enthusiastic then maybe I just don't want to be accommodated, maybe I just can't or don't want to go for whatever reason. 

This comes back to the ablest idea that people with disabilities need to be accommodated in order to be able to participate in every single activity that everyone else does. Sometimes accommodating me (or, just being a good friend/comrade) is just accepting that I don't want to or can't go on a 5 hour road trip, and being totally fine with that. 

Thank you for listening, hopefully you've learned something. 

Sidenote: this situation does not only apply to people with disabilities or trans people or any other marginalized group, this situation can occur between two able-bodied cis white men, and it's still just annoying and bad communication and being a bad friend/comrade. When these situations do happen to marginalized people it is far worse but just don't do it in general to anyone, they don't deserve it. Or maybe they do but just don't do it. 