[[[[[[[[CURRENT WORKFLOW:
	Get Complete Quests Button Working
		
		Get Ajax Working
		
				watch the Ajax YouTube video
			
	
	
		
add multi use commands so I can chain them together

add notepad commands
Add sheer to chrome/


Acoustic guitar
fidget bar
elliptical thing
my amp
treadmill?
spray paint
alcohol
soda stream
speakers I tried to fix
old speakers
Candles
mugs that Dan got
wok
blankets and pillows
the Buddha
sell the bong

Jessie
Finn

Mary
Jen
Tiffany
Quinn
Five
Jessie
Denver
Frankie
Nat

Taranga
Steve
Augustine

Mike
Lee


I got stuff like orange peel, mugwort, lavender, rose petals, blue lotus petals, cornflower petal, butterfly pea flower, lemongrass, black tea, green tea, oolong, hibiscus, chamomile, Jasmine,

ferments:
garlic ginger paste: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NN-bLP2B8f4
onions: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gB4g8HhuXFk

thai curry


artists:
greg rutowski (fantasy epic)

282kil

11-07-22 fasting



GAMES to watch let's play:
	RPGs:
		Bloodbourne/DS3/DS1/DS2/Sekiro/
		Borderlands 2
		Diablo/Hades/Baldur's Gate  
		Skyrim
		Fallout 3/New Vegas
		Fable 2/3
		Divinity: Original Sin 2
		Dragon Age: Origins
		Monster Hunter: World
		Nier: Automata
		Persona 5 Golden
		The Witcher
		Banner Saga
		KOTOR 2
		Mass Effect
		Elden Ring
		
	Roguelite:
		Hades
		Dead Cells
		
	MMOs:
		WoW
		that japanese one...
		
	Pro Games:
		League
		Valorant
		
		
	
	World Builders:
		Minecraft
		Dwarf Fortress
		CK2
		
		
find three creative outlets that work with my elbows
find 15 new bulk recipes
learn five new topics
heal my elbows
Spend less time on YouTube
Rekindle my meditation practice
stop watching so much porn
find at least one activity group
read 15 books
listen to 30 new albums


mold in the vents
duct cleaning
painting vents with anti-mold
air duct cleaning license[[

If you suspect a mold problem — either because of visible growth or a musty smell consistently coming from supply vents — cleaning ducts won’t do much good if it doesn’t eliminate the mold. Mold begins with a moisture problem, and the ducts themselves are unlikely to be the source. The most likely culprits are the cooling system’s evaporator coils, which your heating and air-conditioning contractor — and most duct-cleaning companies — can inspect and maintain. Leaky return ducts can also introduce moisture. Again, if you suspect a mold problem, consider having a service company inspect the duct system for leaks.




strangeify & familiarize


BIRTHDAY: 
	audible subscription/credits.
	shrooms
	chai
	CLIMATE TOWN PATREON
	
I think in general it would probably be a good idea to talk to hym about a lot of that. Obviously I don't know the situation, but I agree with what you said about it not being your fault if there was no way for you to know. At least from what I know of you you really don't seem like the pressuring type, pretty much the opposite in general, so if I had to guess I would think that a lot of that is anxiety and self-esteem stuff manifesting as feeling like you're a burden to people and they are just being accommodating to you even when that is probably not generally the case. In this situation in particular it can be really difficult when a partner is pulling away from you and you don't understand why, and you really shouldn't blame yourself for trying to stay connected to someone when they are not communicating any issues and are being nebulous about what is happening.

Obviously I don't know your dynamics, but I think it could have been either what you said about guarding you, or just hym having a general incapability of discussing it, and either way you clearly tried very hard to have those conversations with them, and you shouldn't blame yourself for hys incapability's

literally no worries, I completely understand why you are frustrated. As much as you clearly care and cared about hym and how all of that affected hym you still have to be honest to your own emotions and feelings, and that sounds like a very difficult and painful thing to accept from a long term partner, especially when it all went down with very little communication. I've heard some very similar things from five about nir relationship with Artie and how all of that ended, and I think it's pretty obvious that the common or here is Artie and the way that hy communicates :// and I say that with zero animosity toward hym, I just hope that that shared experience makes you feel like it really wasn't your fault and was probably mostly unavoidable with hys communication style. 

I'm really really happy to be there for you, I know it's cliché, but I know the pain of a long-term partner just drifting away from you with absolutely zero communication, and I know how much that sucks, and can be so confusing and cause you to gaslight yourself, and I'm just glad that you're able to be so open about it and honest both with yourself and with other people :))

I 100% feel you, and I am very much the same way. I am definitely a leave no stone unturned kind of person when it comes to having difficult conversations about interpersonal conflicts, or well pretty much difficult conversations about anything lol. Even if it takes months to sort it all out, I think that generally in situations like this there is always a lot more to say. And I completely empathize with your frustration, when the other person does not want to sort it all out it can be really frustrating for me when I know I have more to say and more to unpack and more to apologize for and more for the other person to apologize for and they just don't want to or don't have the spoons for it. It will often take me a lot longer to get over things and understand my own thoughts and feelings about it if I'm not given that space to discuss it with them. 

I doubt that hy is over it, or doesn't have anything to work out with you, I would bet a lot of money that hy just does not have the spoons for it, and I know that doesn't really make it any less frustrating, but I hope that at least makes you feel a little bit better about it, and I don't think that you should take hys inability to discuss it as a reflection of the amount that hy cares about you. I know that that's a very difficult task and it's easy for me to say, but that's at least my perspective on it. My best guess is that hy cares so much and feels so bad about everything that the amount of spoons required to actually discuss it would be very many and hy probably does not have very many at all ://

I've dealt with that too, where I've had a partner that drifted away from me instead of being strong enough to break up with me, and it really really hurt and really made me gaslight myself in future relationships, and made me second-guess a lot of the relationship. And it's something that I still kind of live with, but I do think that talking through it with people and getting other people's perspectives really did help me, have you ever talked to five about your shared experience? I totally understand if you don't want to or want to bring it up, but honestly that might be healthy for both of you. 

I don't think it's a weird thing to be thankful for :P I'm really just happy to help though, it always makes me feel so much better when I can just get shit out of my head and like bounce ideas off of someone, I feel like it feels a lot better and it's so much more productive than just overthinking the same things over and over in your own head
Girl you're literally so valid, I've been an emotional train wreck over things that are less than 1% as important as your relationship was, and I think in general you're doing a really good job of explaining your thoughts and feelings. I know that you still haven't really like worked through them completely, but it seems like you mostly understand what the issues are and were and that's like one of the biggest steps. 



















New try block with except
add more commands to my continuous can recognition commands
learn to use the debugger
Add smiley faces to chrome
change my YouTube commands to play and Max
a way to click the names better in my Google voice
a way to switch tabs better in Chrome
add a ping command to be terminal
command to play an album in Amazon music
command to 
make address bar a single word
make an unhooked command

make center mouse not click
create new Python file in Pycharm
+= == -= *=
get a foot keyboard set up
	make it so that I can switch what all of them do with a single command, modes like chrome mode. Or they do it based on what app I'm in
macro pad
surround with (ca-t)

map 3 Vomnibar.activateBookmarks
map 4 Vomnibar.activateBookmarksInNewTab
map w visitPreviousTab
map 1 firstTab
map 2 lastTab
map e restoreTab


a crop top with a shirt under it like hisoka



Gainesville meditation group
Gainesville mushroom group
Gainesville vegan group
Markets and events

data entry automation

oat bars of some kind
	mixed berries
	organic rolled oats
	dates
	almonds or other nuts, flaxseeds
	pumpkin pie spice?
	
cowboy caviar
that cold blackbean dish mom makes
red lentil pasta
oat muffins
granola https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OdwRQv_0Fvc



get health insurance
	check Obama care
	check Medicaid
	check the main brands
	get dad to look into staying on the insurance
get physical therapy
see if I can get on disability
get someone to come do the vents
find winter clothes that don't bother my elbow
work on vimium hotkeys

https://www.copymethat.com/r/v1U8s40k7/super-easy-oven-granola/
https://www.copymethat.com/r/7duUvFMOs/lentil-rice-one-pot/
https://www.copymethat.com/r/6PYKhQHOv/powerfull-breakfast-muffins/
https://www.copymethat.com/r/JpugAVTxb/black-bean-salad-salsa/
https://www.copymethat.com/r/tGmiH7tT0/spicy-bbq-beans/
nut and fruit jars
ginger paste
garlic paste
onion paste??

pickles
fermented garlic
kraut

chili
smoothie
chickpea curry
bean burritos
soup?
greens
tofu egg salad https://www.copymethat.com/r/AyNdCsijy/vegan-egg-salad/


fire roasted tomatoes
Worchester sauce
tofu
Braggs liquid aminos
celery?

conciousness
waking dreaming being

Dharma
Upanishads (hindu)

Exercises: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWEYP0CFmRQ
chest banded push without arm (arm behind back)
PNF asian squat


Get doctor's appt
352-331-3583


Eckhart Tolle
bushel and peck.....


