Hello,

This is Jamie, I'm a volunteer with the climate café Gainesville. We are a local community group dedicated to creating spaces where climate activists and anyone with climate anxiety can come to discuss these complex feelings and connect with their local activist community. We are planning to host monthly climate cafés as well as other events and work with local organizations to provide resources and community to people struggling with these issues.

We hosted our first café for about 15 people on Sunday and it was very lovely and successful, we are hoping to increase our outreach a little bit and would love to set up a small table at the farmers market sometime in order to spread the word to more members of the community.

We have extremely limited funds at this point, I'm not entirely sure what your policy is for these small tabling groups but it would be incredibly lovely if it could be either free or very cheap <3

https://www.instagram.com/climatecafe.gnv/

Thank you so much,
Jamie





Hello,

This is Jamie, I'm a volunteer with the climate café Gainesville. We are a local community group dedicated to creating spaces where climate activists and anyone with climate anxiety can come to discuss these complex feelings and connect with their local activist community. We are planning to host monthly climate cafés as well as other events and work with local organizations to provide resources and community to people struggling with these issues.

We are currently looking for a private space on July 28 at 4 PM. We were wondering if we could use your long table in the overflow room as a private space?

And if so, would it be possible to have that room completely to ourselves?

https://www.instagram.com/climatecafe.gnv/

Thank you so much,
Jamie



27th?? 
4th 4pm!
18th aug
25th aug
1st sep


civic media Center sloan@civicmediacenter.org
Alachua County library headquarters: https://room.aclib.us/reserve?l=Headquarters%20Library
curia on the drag
United Church of Gainesville, Reimer hall

UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA

(FARAWAYISH) Martin Luther King Jr. Multipurpose Center, 1028 Northeast 14th Street, Gainesville, FL 32601
(FARAWAY) Clarence R. Kelly Community Center, 1701 NE 8th Ave, Gainesville, FL 32641
(FARAWAY) Eastside Community Center, 2841 E University Ave, Gainesville, FL 32641