READING RECOMMENDATIONS:
	https://neighborhoodanarchists.org/zines
	https://neighborhoodanarchists.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/SSF-Deescalation-Skills-Mindset-Handout.pdf
	
	https://commonslibrary.org/a-collection-of-zines-powerhouses-for-social-change/
	
	https://chatgpt.com/c/68c9cd38-90f4-8325-8ff1-48c27f6b9f0d
	https://foreignlanguages.press/wp-content/uploads/2025/06/S24-Constructive-Criticism-7th-Printing.pdf

	
	
	https://www.refaatlibrary.com/free-zines














The next three weeks we will be reading the introduction of manufacturing consent, which is an analysis of the American media system and how it is used to gain support for imperialist foreign policy and domestic capitalist economic policy. It is very interesting to understand the systems and underlying conditions that lead to the mass media as we see it today in the West.

Our meetings are hybrid: On Jitsi, and at the Civic Media Center where masks are required (and provided).


asdfkjhasdfjkasd 

QUESTION FORMATS:
	How can we analyze these developments through ___’s framework of ___, especially considering ____?
	
	what can we learn from ___ in terms of communist organizing strategy?

CURRENT IDEAS:
	do a collaboration with FPS or someone else
	
	Set up a Link tree so that people don't have to be forced to interact with Instagram
	
	Stop numbering questions, use bullet points instead
	
	Make a facilitation guide

	Pull the community to find out what we should read/what topics we should cover.maybe an Instagram post. May be asking after every meeting if people have ideas with like the little box they can write them in?
	
85 SE 16th ave #f101 
‪(386) 523-8154‬


Imperialism the final stage of capitalism by Vladimir Lenin questions
	week one:
		Lenin talks extensively about cartels, which we would now refer to as oligopolies (big Tech, Wall Street, Pharma, big oil). to what extent does his analysis of the cartel system map onto the state of capitalism today? how relevant is his analysis to the centralization and monopolization of capital in 2025?
		
		toward the end of the chapter Lenin talks about social and economic crises increasing the conglomeration of industry and capital. in what ways do we see this in current crises like climate change, Zionist occupation of Palestine, and Covid?. what can we learn from these crises in terms of the future of capitalism, and communist organizing strategy? 
		
		Lenin was a strong critic of state-capital relations, which examine how the state is used as a tool that serves the interests of the ruling class. How does the role of the state in these contemporary crises (e.g., military intervention, regulatory capture, or corporate bailouts) contribute to the centralization of capital?


		

Cuba family code questions:
	Question about anarchy versus communism, specifically with regards to the abolition of state versus states that are meant to serve the people and protect vulnerable people from harm.
	
	An analysis of the difference in the legislative process as it was described in the document compared to the American legislative process, two-party system, lack of community participation, lack of transparency.


Relationship anarchy week two questions:
	…Relationship Anarchy rejects all arguments for policing the behavior of one’s intimate partners. ALL of them. What this means in practice is not only No “Agreements” in our own relationships, but also no participation in policing the rules/ agreements/ contracts of other peoples’ relationships. In other words, Relationship Anarchists are not necessarily anti-cheating. Thoughts, Feelings, Opinions? do you agree with the concept of no agreements whatsoever in your interpersonal relationships? what about the participation in other people's (i.e. cheating)?

RELATIONSHIP ANARCHY INSTAGRAM DESCRIPTION:
	
	
	Join us for the second and final week of our study of Relationship Anarchy! We'll be discussing an essay that expands on relationship anarchy in practice, and some of the differences between it and colonial systems of relating like monogamy and polyamory: 
	
	'Looking for love in too many languages... Polyamory? Relationship Anarchy? Dyke Ethics? Significant Otherness? All My Relations?' by Kim TallBear
		
	Image description: A red heart on a black background with the Anarchist circle-A drawn on top of it. This is backdropping a textbox that reads “Looking for love in too many languages... Polyamory? Relationship Anarchy? Dyke Ethics? Significant Otherness? All My Relations? by Kim TallBear. Monday, March 24th, 2025, 7pm-8:30pm. Hybrid: Jitsi and In-person (DM for link). Civic Media Center (Stetson Kennedy Annex). Masks required.”


	Come join our discussion of the second part of Organization Means Commitment by Grace Lee Boggs. This portion of the reading covers some interesting sections: organization structure, standards, methods of criticism and self-criticism, and relationship with the masses.

	Image description: A stock photo of a white heterosexual man conducting a marriage proposal to one woman while simultaneously “checking out” a different woman walking by. The woman he is proposing to sees this and is clearly disgruntled. This is backdropping a textbox that reads “Organization Means Commitment by Grace Lee Boggs. Week 2: Pages 19-36. Monday, March 10th, 2025, 7pm-8:30pm. Hybrid: Jitsi and In-person (DM for link). Civic Media Center (Stetson Kennedy Annex). Masks required.”

	Our next two meetings are on Organization Means Commitment by Grace Lee Boggs. We chose this reading as a counter to the conceptual works we often read. It provides instruction on how to develop, and organize on behalf of, political unity.

	Ever wondered if Relationship Anarchy was right for you?
	
	Join us for a reading of 'Against Monogamism, For Liberation! Anti—monogamy as Anarchist Practice' by RAD Content Library!
	
	We will be covering how Monogamism pushes us away from radical communalism in favor of isolation and complacent consumerism. All the while reinforcing issues like economic inequality, gendered violence, homophobia, racism, and ableism.
	
	Image description: A red heart on a black background with the Anarchist circle-A drawn on top of it. This is backdropping a textbox that reads “Against Monogamism, For Liberation! by RAD Content Library. Monday, March 17th, 2025, 7pm-8:30pm. Hybrid: Jitsi and In-person (DM for link). Civic Media Center (Stetson Kennedy Annex). Masks required.”

In my opinion because the group is currently so small and has recently undergone membership changes we should be in a mode of expansion rather than consolidation. In order to accomplish this we should focus on readings that will attract new people. In order to accomplish this:
	We should:
		prioritize readings that are timely, especially about Palestinian liberation, black struggle in the United States, and fascism/current United States political issues regarding the new regime.
		
		Prioritize readings that are classics but also relatively relevant and not extraordinarily difficult.
		
		Possibly prioritize readings that are directly related to organizing efforts within Gainesville. For example, we could potentially do a Florida prisoner Solidarity collaboration on an abolition book.
	
	We should avoid:
		Really long singular books, because if people miss the first week or the second week they are unlikely to join for the third or fourth weeks so on those weeks we are unlikely to be expanding. We can obviously have four-week programs but hopefully not of a single book.
		
		Extremely specific niche issues that are neither classic, famous, or timely. I think these are unlikely to draw in new people.
		
		Extremely difficult books, especially if they are not a classic. For example, a 3rd university is possible.


The Tyranny Of Structurelessness:
	
	Q1:
		
		In my opinion it might be a good idea to start sessions with a more open ended discussion in case anyone has any burning thoughts or questions. some examples for your consideration:

			Did anything in this work stick out to you as particularly novel or interesting? 
			Was there anything that you disagreed with or found irrelevant? 
			To what extent does this work apply to modern organizing either locally or in general? 
			Thoughts, Feelings, Opinions?
			
	Q2:		
	
		unstructured organizations are often a response to the ways in which societal structures have intentionally discriminated against certain groups throughout history. the author goes on to argue that implicit structures always arise and can do the exact same thing, but can be harder to challenge because the discrimination is not formalized. 

			did you agree with their premises and conclusions? how can we structure our organizations to explicitly and implicitly encourage egalitarianism and discourage discrimination?
			
	Q3:

		one of the arguments in the article is that unstructured organization was initially very fitting for the goals and state of the feminist movement at the time, but was eventually outgrown.

			what are some indicators that an organization may have outgrown their current structure or is built on a structure that is inherently unsuited for its work? and how can we continuously adapt our structures over time in response to changing circumstances and lines.
			
	Q4:

		the article ends with the author's opinion on the seven principles that make a democratic structure in an organization effective and egalitarian. These include delegation, responsibility of authority to the group, distribution of authority, rotation of tasks, rational allocation of tasks, diffusion of information, and equal access to resources. 

			Are there any other principles that should be included in this list, or any that seem irrelevant? to what extent are we operating on these principles when developing the organizational structure of the red reading circle and other local organizations, and how could we do better? 
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
CHATGPT:
	I also plunged it into Chat GPT to see what it thought and these are the questions that put out. 

	"What are your overall thoughts and impressions on Joreen’s 'The Tyranny of Structurelessness'? Were there any particular points, ideas, or critiques that resonated with you or challenged your perspective? What stood out to you as needing further discussion or clarification?"

	How does Joreen define "structurelessness," and in what ways does she argue that it disguises underlying power dynamics? How does this compare to the Marxist-Leninist approach to organizational structure?

	Joreen critiques informal hierarchies as unacknowledged systems of power. How might this critique apply to both radical feminist groups (her focus) and Marxist-Leninist organizations? What are the benefits and risks of formal vs. informal leadership structures?

	Do you agree with Joreen's assertion that structurelessness can lead to unaccountable leadership? In what ways do Marxist-Leninist principles seek to balance leadership accountability and the dangers of bureaucratic centralism?

	How can revolutionary organizations avoid the pitfalls of both structurelessness and over-centralization? How do these ideas apply in practice to movements seeking to challenge capitalist structures?

	Joreen argues that formal structures are necessary to achieve egalitarian goals. What parallels can be drawn between her arguments and Lenin's emphasis on the vanguard party? How might her ideas challenge or support the Marxist-Leninist framework for organizing?





CREDENTIALS:
	INSTAGRAM NEW:
		u: red.reading.circle
		pw: sfDU_fLvDaf2k

	INSTAGRAM OLD:
		u: redreadingcircle
		pw: R3dR34d1ng

	E-MAIL ADDRESS:
		redreadingcircle@proton.me
		pw: kU9w-HFVGr

