LEAST CONFRONTATIONAL:
I appreciate you acknowledging your feelings and bringing this up but I don't feel the same way, and I would love to continue to be friends.

I'm flattered and I appreciate your honesty, but I don't feel the same way and I really like our friendship the way that it is. I view you as family and I really appreciate that about our friendship.

MEDIUM CONFRONTATIONAL:
I appreciate your honesty and I don't feel the same way, but I treasure our friendship.

SPICY CONFRONTATIONAL:
I view you as a friend and that is all, I would appreciate if you keep our friendship to just that and don't try to pursue anything else.

I'm not looking for anything other than friendship from you and if you're not able to respect that it will negatively affect our friendship.



I'm probably not going, I'm tired and it's cold and raining, if you end up going let me know beforehand and I might end up going. 

I am probably going to go to poetry night at the CMC with Frankie and Ray and possibly winter I think it's at like 730 if you want to join

Either way before we hang out next I would like to talk to you about last night, I'm still kind of upset at your overall vibe about it, and i didn't really have my thoughts fleshed out last night when I brought it up in the car. I understand it's not exactly a fun thing to talk about, and I get that you're over it or whatever, but I'm not, and I feel like talking about it like as often as we do is a pretty small price to pay for the ongoing health of our friendship. 

and I understand that you already apologized and agreed with me or whateverbut I mostly just need to vent my feelings at you. 


I understand that this is a difficult thing to talk about because you're directly implicated in it, but it feels kind of ridiculous your overall vibe about it given that we spent more time in the last few weeks talking about your feelings for someone else then we have talked about this, and that's not always an easy thing to talk about for me but I'm always there for you because you're my friend. most of our conversations about this are less than 10 minutes, I understand that the one in the car on the way to from bottoms was kind of long, but that was also like four days after what happened at fest and like four days after you started having feelings for Alex, and it's totally valid to not have spoons for it at a specific point, but it does feel like you could make more space for it.

it extra annoying because these are not just feelings that arose in me all on their own, I'm generally decently good at having a pretty good handle on my feelings, but it was made exponentially more difficult by the fact that we acted on those feelings toward each other, and then your feelings dried up overnight and it kind of feels like you expected that of me, or just to figure it out all on my own. If you just want to break my heart and then dip that's one thing, but you obviously want to be my friend and really really close friends at that, I can't count how many hours I've talked to you about your divorce and about Alex and about your feelings about everything, and how many times I've been there for you when you needed it about what you're going through, well this is what I'm going through and it's partially your fault, and it feels like you could do a better job of being there for me.

my friend Tiffany asks me how I'm doing about this every time I see her. especially once the whole gender thing became intertwined this is genuinely one of the most difficult things going on in my life right now. I understand you might not want to bring it up or whatever and I understand it's difficult, but I don't think you've ever asked me how I'm doing about this once.


I've had a really difficult day, therapy was really exhausting and I hate to admit it but Raven got back and I'm pretty sad about it....... you know I hate change, and I've had such good Vesti bonding time with Ray recently and that's going tto become significantly more difficult, I feel like our friendship right now is the best it's been in a long time and I don't want it to dwindle again But it can be so difficult. He joked that we should break into your house and hang out there :P and I had the same thought earlier today lol

And I'm Also really not looking forward to going home, honestly I can't really explain it I just feel like so distant from my family right now.

We went to the market though and then just the two of us got fresh kitchen and we talked about it for like three hours lol so I do feel a lot better now, and I'm watching a really good show called blue eye samurai, So I feel better now but still, it's been aa very exhausting day.