me (sword)
her (wyrm sword)
samus
pinwheel
(ds1??)
elden ring
FK
Celeste
DND? (Ivy, Winnie?)
pretzel peyt?
pidge
alligator (turtle) napkin
century tower
mitski???

gnv landmarks


radiohead??? lol
orion


When I was talking about the organization I was still talking about my changeling cleric who is not who I'm bringing here. Sorry I realize I was kinda talking about two things at once and not differentiating them.

Well I'm just going to play Ivy for today like I mentioned because I'm not ready at all and don't have anything in mind. I will figure something out. 

These are my thoughts on why this scenario is going to be extremely difficult for me to wrap my head around and become invested in my character, I am fine with the ark that you're creating and I will have a good time hanging out with my friends and playing D&D, and I'm not asking you to work around my inability to role-play, and I really appreciate the effort you put in as a DM and are currently putting in to make sure Jessie has a good time:

I hate to admit it to my DM who cares so much about characters and personal narrative and personal development arcs that relate back to back story, but I find myself fundamentally incapable of caring about those things when it comes to my own characters. The only role-playing that I have found myself able to do is enjoying the quest and the world itself as myself, which is something that I really really enjoy and find a lot of fulfillment in. I am hitting a brick wall trying to come up with a character that I can empathize with and understand that fits into this narrative in any meaningful way. I am not writing off the possibility but it does seem unlikely to me. I have come up with back stories for many of my characters in the past but ultimately I end up just not caring about them at all.

the kind of loophole I came up with in my head was that maybe my character is very proud and just believes they won't die but as a player knowing that they almost certainly will kind of closes that loophole

Once again I hate to admit this but ultimately the only "progression"' I've ever found enjoyment in is like reputation with societies like the library, items, and leveling, and exploring the world and meeting and talking to interesting characters, I realize that's because I have World of Warcraft and Runescape brain, and I realize that's not exactly a great thing for D&D. But knowing that my character is almost certainly going to die sweeps all of that under the rug and is going to make it exceedingly difficult for me to become invested in my character, once again I'm not asking you to change anything.


sorry that was very long, I just have a lot of hangups about D&D that come from decades of playing video games and I have not really been forced to confront them until now and it feels like this campaign is going to make me confront all of them at the same time which is both good and terrible and is going to be mentally taxing and exhausting. once again not asking you to change anything and I appreciate all the effort you're putting in.


I appreciate your analysis of the difference between sandbox D&D and story driven, that makes a lot of sense and I will try to understand it as a different type of game.

I'm sorry that this has been stressful for you and I was not aware of how difficult it had been for you and the style that you're taking makes a lot more sense now. I appreciate you talking it through with me and offering to help me with my character and idea generation.

I think me bringing it up to you instead of her bringing it up to you seems to be a large source of the difficulty and confusion. This was a judgment call that I made because I happened to be sitting in a car with you and I knew we were probably playing today, and was not something she intended me to ask you, and seems to have caused a lot of unnecessary strife. so to be frank I think a lot of this is my fault for being the one to bring it up to you. she was planning to bring it up to you later that day :/ and I think that would have gone a lot better.

As far as her bringing the whole thing up to me I don't think that was an error in judgment, we are best friends and tell each other most everything, and she didn't bring me some like scathing indictment of your campaign or anything just kind of casually mentioned that she was having trouble connecting with it and that the diplomacy part was mentally taxing when we were already talking about D&D. I think it started with me asking her if me taking the lead in the conversation was disruptive of her contributing because I noticed she didn't really say much. We then got to talking about it and I mentioned that she should talk to you about it, so to be honest I feel like this is more my fault than hers, and it was never my intention at all to like sideline the story or anything, kind of like you said we are all pretty spoiled at your table, and I'm also used to DM's mostly just kind of reading out of a book so changing it up is usually not a big deal. I'm sorry for all the strife this has caused you, and I did not anticipate that my suggestion would be so disruptive.

I will be more collaborative and work harder to invest myself in the campaign and the story,and I really appreciate all the work you put in and I really hope this does not become a chore for you because I really really enjoy playing with you and you are by far the best DM I've ever had like not even close.


this is kind of auxiliary to the conversation about DND, but as far as awareness of people's self advocating, sometimes it can be difficult to understand the true nature of it because of survivorship bias, people only notice when people do self advocate and they don't notice when they don't, and this is something that Jess and I have talked a lot about and I know can be very difficult for her in certain situations. I have a lot of difficulty self advocating in certain types of situations and I don't think most people would expect that because I can be very good at it in other situations, and because I often eventually do it but up to the point when I actually get to doing it it can be very mentally taxing and stressful and upsetting. And often by the time Iget around to doing it I've had the conversation in my head so many times that I can be very articulate and sound confident, when really it was all of the anxiety leading up to that that forced me to have the conversation 25 times in my head.

And all that to say, I honestly don't think that's even super relevant here because she was going to self advocate I just kind of inserted myself before she could mostly because of time constraints, and I thought that this would be a minor adaptation you could make I did not realize it would be a whole thing.I will be more careful about inserting myself into situations in the future.


no worries, I think the situation you're in is pretty stressful and being DM especially one that is so thorough and involved sounds really really stressful in general lol. I don't think I could ever do that. and I definitely perceive you as a friend first that is absolutely true. but I also very much appreciate you as a DM lol.

Sorry if I was in any way kind of discounting how well you all know each other, that was not my intentionand I know you've known each other a lot longer than I've known her.

I definitely was not trying to say you don't have those problems, and if you had asked me I would have guessed that you did. I'm struggling to word it but basically I don't perceive you all as any different than the rest of us, and Iat minimum had a strong assumption that you've got some shit going on just like the rest of us.

I'm sorry to hear about that sore subject and those friends, I'm sure that's really devastating to get stood up like that with so much work put in. We can talk about this another time but I think it's important to realize that when most people talk about something like anxiety or trouble self advocating they are not assuming that you don't also go to that same thing, if anything you also going through it makes it easier for you to empathize and easier for them to share. like when I was talking about it about Jessie I was definitely in no way assuming that you have just unlimited mental health and no trouble self advocating therefore like she gets complete priority, that is definitely not something I would ever assume about anyone ever. I have a very Buddhist view on mental health which is that literally everyone is in shambles all the time :D

I completely agree about being seen as a friend first, it's just a silly little game we're playing together :P and I understand that it's a ton of work for you which if anything makes it much more involved for you. 

I love you and appreciate you immensely as well and I completely understand where you're coming from. 

it's my fault too, I should have let her bring it up ://

lol I know this is another really long text and Rei is already there and your prepping and everything, it's basically just me agreeing with you so feel free to read it later if you don't feel like reading it now/replying