If you were a worm I would put you in a little box of dirt and ship you up to Boston <3 I'm proud of you ^_^

I love you bunches and I'm going to miss you a lot ^_^ I really appreciate you and all of the time we got to spend together :)) make lots of cool tranny friends in Boston and don't forget to call me <3

Picture of Jessie and I together

--

as part of the problem I'm just glad I got the chance to say goodbye

And I'm glad I got the chance to kiss you goodbye
You're my best friend and I didn't know any other way (Wouldn't want it any other way)
in front of all the street signs and the passers-by
we didn't know how we would survive
but we are still breathing just (distant in time) (something about large distances)

I would never regret helping you up
Keeping you forward and steady in line
but now you're leaving long before my time
And I'm standing in place watching you climb

something about being homesick in your own town because it's not the same without you

--

I love you a lot and I'll miss you so much

That was the most beautiful and cathartic goodbye I've ever had, I am so grateful that we got to spend the last few weeks being so intimate. I feel like I've been saying goodbye to you progressively in stages since the new year and the entire process of becoming really close friends and saying goodbye was so beautiful

--

after you left I sat out in the driveway with my butt getting wet on the cold cement and cried, and it was beautiful. And then I called Ray and I cried which made him cry, and it was beautiful. And then I went for a walk and I looked up at the sky and I saw Orion and I broke down and cried, and it was beautiful.

---

do you remember that night when we walked down seventh Street and you told me that you had to leave? you confessed you were scared to tell me in case I might get angry. And we laughed, and we cried, and we talked about beginnings, and about endings.

Do you remember New Year's Eve when we walked the blocks around your apartment? and you told me about him. and the years where you learned to stop loving yourself. And how you were just beginning to believe that there was good in you.

I remember both of those nights. I remember the stars that watched us. And the cobblestones beneath our feet. The passers-by and the birds in the trees. And I'll always remember tonight. When you kissed me goodbye in the driveway. And we laughed. And we cried. And we talked about beginnings. And about endings.

------

last night when you left I cried big salty tears until this not ran down my face and got all caught up in my septum ring. I cried and I looked up at the moon,at oh Ryan and Taurus and the Pleiades and I laughed. I stared at the little points of light and the shapes that they made and saw all of the adventures that they must be having.

I met a dog named june and he had shaggy white fur and two black eyes. I thought of all of the smells he must see. and I laughed and I cried

---

I think about you leaving
And I think about the car accident I was in last summer
and I used to wonder what was the most painful part of it all
Was it being slammed against the airbag at 50 miles an hour
or was it the doctor resetting my broken arm
or was it the sound of it all
Playing over and over again in my head
but I don't think it was any of those things
I've decided it was going back to work the next Monday with my hands still aching
it was when people stopped asking me if I was doing okay
it was every day when the world went back to normal but it wasn't quite the same
And I think about you leaving

--

after you left I sat out in the driveway 
with my butt getting wet on the cold cement 
and I cried,
and it was beautiful. 

And then I called Rei 
and I cried 
which made him cry, 
and it was beautiful. 
-
And then I went for a walk 
and I looked up at the sky 
and I saw Orion 
and I broke down and cried, 
and it was beautiful.


Do you remember that night when we walked down seventh Street and you told me that you had to leave? 
You confessed you were scared to tell me in case I might get angry. 
And we laughed, 
and we cried, 
and we talked about beginnings, 
and about endings.

Do you remember New Year's Eve when we walked the blocks around your apartment? 
And you told me about him. 
And the years where you learned to stop loving yourself. 
And how you were just beginning to believe that there was good in you.

I remember both of those nights. 
I remember the stars that watched us. 
And the cobblestones beneath our feet. 
The passers-by and the birds in the trees. 
And I'll always remember tonight. 
When you kissed me goodbye in the driveway. 
And we laughed. 
And we cried. 
And we talked about beginnings. 
And about endings.
