I can try my best to explain some of the context I think is relevant:
The first piece of background that I think is important is my view of the general trajectory we have taken as a group, based on the readings we've chosen to pursue through voting.

Looking at the archive, before I even joined we focused on some more fundamental stuff like "why communism?" (the communist necessity) and "how communism?" (activist study). Then for a while (tin man maoism through from circles to the party), we read stuff that was more focused on building a party. Many of the readings are articles from kites, which was a journal that heavily emphasized the need for communists to build a party ASAP, and its critiques of current and historical movements often centered around the lack of a democratic centralist party leading them. From circles to the party comes out of the New Communist Movement of the 70s (see pic), which was similarly focused on party building, and specifically, the main strategy for doing so was through forming reading circles or study groups which began to use democratic centralism to organize their operations, engaging in "line struggle" to achieve a solid level of theoretical unity in analyzing their situation and what political actions they should take, and using criticism and self-criticism based on this shared understanding to engage in "cadre development", or in other words, kinda getting members to learn and apply this shared understanding consistently in their lives and work within the group. At this point i guess it'd be considered a pre-party formation, and the idea is that these connect with other pre-parties, line struggle, and eventually coalesce into a full blown party. Unfortunately, that never really worked; and this is the period people are usually referring to when they talk about maoism in america involving a bunch of isolated maoist sects (or even cults) who fought mostly with one another instead of against capitalism. One of the critiques at the outset of the New Communist Movement, from those that came beforehand and contemporaries, was that this effort was papering over contradictions in the proletariat to achieve larger unity faster, and that led them to hold chauvinist or bourgeois lines like on imperialism and patriarchy for example. We then did some fundamental Mao readings and pedagogy of the oppressed (which is in some ways tangible advice for doing Mao's "mass line" strategy well). All throughout that period, we had a group member who joined on Jitsi and lived in Cali, who strongly believed that creating a party and "getting out there and actually doing something", like doing the mass line with local community members was what we as a group should be doing. We should become an org, presumably democratic centralist, and start doing the mass line in the community. Generally, people disagreed. We explained that pretty much all of us do political work in other groups, and this group is devoted to studying, which doesnt mix well with a public reading group, and we did not seem to have enough unity to unite effectively. But he was set on that, and often would make the same critique that just studying was petite bourgeois, and we needed to start taking action as if he hadnt heard us explain we do, just not as red reading circle.

Anyway, we turned more towards studying the contradictions in the proletariat after that (white left is building cop city through False Nationalism False Internationalism), specifically settler-colonialism, imperialism, cis-hetero-sexism, ablism. Jordan was usually critical of these readings and seemed to characterize them as kinda revisionist and petite bourgeois. He facilitated the kites article in that period (the 60s, revolutionary period without a vanguard) which heavily critiqued the marxist movements that were trying to integrate theory on settler-colonialism and imperialism to guide their practice, and the critique was... they shoulda had a vanguard party.

The latest chapter I feel like starts with Strategy for Liberation of Palestine, which was as the palestine movement was picking up steam. our readings got more directly applicable to organizing for a bit. we did constructive criticism handbook (this year! hadnt talked about it very explicitly or practiced it before that), security, readings on the global intifada. Eleanor and dmitry hosted a teach in on effective palestine organizing. and of course we tried to spread the word on PSLs abuses. There were some other stuff mixed in. the readings on gender and feminism, in particular stand out bc again Jordan criticized them heavily. At an admin meeting during that series he again pushed us to be an org, and we said the same stuff, and even pointed out that if we were an org and used the membership rule he suggested, he couldnt be a member. he was like im okay with that. we were like huh? anyway, shortly after that series, he dropped out and said he thought we had just grown to ideologically different and he didnt fit anymore. 

I also think we all were doing more organizing and such during this period, and there was just kind of a lull in the vitality of the group. a lot of the readings during this period we didnt even hold an election bc there was only one nomination, and thats still frequently been the case. so i also feel like the readings at this time were more scattered. but somewhat ironically to me, i feel like right around the time jordan left, it has felt like people who were totally against forming an org together previously started treating RRC more like a democratic centralist org. and when bryn was pushing for the intro series, sloan urged us to read grasping rev theory beforehand, because they said it was important to have the historical backdrop for the texts to contexualize them and to understand our purpose in reading them. but not a single discussion question was about the background for the texts or why to read them, it was like "what are the contradictions in this group?" and in the discussion guide before that they had:
"The authors identify four things that a communist organization requires to make democratic centralism work: political unity, cadre development, political leadership, and criticism and self-criticism. Which of these four requirements are we lacking? Which are more well-developed? Why? How do we address the aspects that need more development?"

and as far as the more introspective trend lately, it seems like after reading about how all the contradictions in the proletariat tore apart prior movements (several of which i led and the others i appreciated greatly), there's been more of a focus on finding those contradictions in RRC and kind of trying to do cadre development on people using criticism and self-criticism, even though there's not enough theoretical unity for this to be very effective. also, i maintain that it isnt well-suited for a study group, it is designed for a group that takes political action together, so their action is coordinated (e.g., a party, or pre-party, or whatever). I think this is what sloan was getting at with their distinction between "those who want to apply what we read and those who don't." Like, we all apply what we read. thats why we see the value in coming and learning. we just dont always have the same interpretation of what we read, and we don't always agree on whether something is applicable to any given context.

Idk, so basically one of the red flags is that, in my view, there’s been a kind of walking back of a previous group consensus that muddying the water between the tasks & organizational procedures of 1) a public reading group and 2) a communist, democratic centralist org which takes political action together would be counterproductive. We’ve consistently said basically every one of us is taking political action in various different settings/groups. We’re applying what we learn. It’s not necessarily beneficial to make RRC a microcosm of how we think a vanguard party should operate. Especially when it’s completely open to the public and advertised on instagram. In that venue it is both inappropriate and often politically unwise to have the degree of transparency, vulnerability, and trust that would be required to implement these things among comrades in a vanguard party.

But what’s red flagish about it, is I don’t feel like this reversal is being acknowledged forthrightly. Just 6 months ago, the person who wanted RRC to become an action-based mass line org left, citing political differences, after we declined to do so. And now there’s discussion questions that implicitly assume we are a democratic centralist communist org which needs to “address the aspects that need more development”. 

So like, a smaller subsection of the group knows this history, and presumably also perceives things changing, but the ones seemingly changing their views never explicitly acknowledge that they have done so or explain why. Like the people who were here longer know very well that we've had countless discussions about these matters where there was substantial disagreement- but those discussions and any broad conclusions are being totally left out. like we're not picking up the debate where we left off, it's more like, "there's no debate and there never has been, this is just what being in a communist group inherently is."  

IDK, I'm troubled by what seems to me to be a major switching of gears being presented in more of a matter of fact “this is always what this was or was building to” kind of way, which has had me kind of questioning my perceptions and memory of stuff, even though I simultaneously feel very confident. (In retrospect, I think my overly-extensive review of the group trajectory and kinda like using the history of readings to support my view was related to this kind of internalized self-doubt. sorry bout that, probably too much info to wade through). But also troubling is, this matter of fact presentation kind of has an implicit message of like “get with the program” for the newer people who don’t even have the context to know whether this is just what being in a reading group with communists inherently looks like and probably don’t feel firm-footed enough to question longstanding members on what they imply our group’s aspirations are.

The second one is that in this more party-like conception of RRC, any difference in political opinion tends to be framed in terms of 1) “line struggle”, where an incorrect line must be defeated quickly and decisively before it causes harm by gaining sway in the org, or 2) crit/self-crit, where a single individual is publicly identified for not sufficiently living up to the political ideals of the criticizer. As a communist, I do believe these are necessary practices in action-oriented organizations, but in this reading circle, I feel like they have been used (and misused) when education, through facilitating a series that can involve in-depth discussion of the topic, would have been a much better option. 

A lot of times when “contradictory lines” have been identified by someone, really, one of the "lines" is only kind of implicitly held, if at all, which is to say, the idea put forth kinda-sorta fits in with an actual formal "line" someone else in the group is familiar with and disagrees with. But the person who simply shared their idea did not / does not understand them to be connected. Like, often, the person who's trying to engage in line struggle is actually defining and formulating both "lines", connecting one specific thing a person said or did to this broad theoretical stance they've inferred underlies it, and just informing them what "their line" is, while defining their own (correct) line in contrast to it, and kind of initiating "struggle" on that basis, whenever they see fit. In my opinion, often, there’s not actually a “struggle” occurring; they aren’t actively attempting to achieve consensus across group members that their view should be the officially endorsed view of RRC. They're just sharing their thoughts. 

Also, jumping to this line-struggle framing kind of immediately maps out the allowable terrain of the conversation. Like once a person has perceived a contradiction between their belief on something and what they infer someone else has believed (because again, very rarely has anyone in RRC actually formally put forward their "line" on a topic), its like, we must put everything on hold and work through this contradiction. Like, the presupposition that line struggle is the most accurate and appropriate way to be conceptualizing what is occurring is unquestioned/unquestionable- even though it is of course a judgement call that others could totally disagree on. And since it's assumed by default, we just kind of, by default, fall into these "line struggle" type of conversations, regardless of whether people consented to that or find it appropriate or etc. Or, if you don't engage with this process or framing, then your views are just kept out of the conversation. Like, it needs to be framed and fit into the allowable terrain to be considered. If it isn't, then its insufficiently communist, and then that's just taking a bourgeois line- and we're right back to it being forced into the allowable framing. 

Similarly, criticism of an individual in particular can personalize the ostensibly problematic behavior, which may have actually been far more widespread than just the individual. Additionally, using criticism in this way assumes a degree of unity in assessing the situation where the criticizer and the person being criticized have more-or-less agreement that the behavior is inconsistent with their shared understanding of what is “good politics”- and this degree of agreement is not often present

This goes hand in hand with my third main red flag, which is that criticism is given extremely selectively/inconsistently and in ways that make it highly unlikely to be constructive. Bryn gave several examples on Monday of this inconsistency, but the biggest one in my mind is the one that started the conflict between Bryn and Eleanor. In the signal chat, I was being silly, proposing silly ways to start beef with PSL and Bryn just replied “unhinged”. Eleanor commented and said that was ableist language, and Bryn said it was not. It’s used extremely commonly to say something is absurd or quirked up. She also said she didn’t think it was right to just publicly assert something like that with no explanation, and even disclosed that she is probably one of the only people in this group who have been institutionalized before for mental health, so it does not feel good to be singled out for something that is ubiquitous and innocuous, ostensibly under the pretext of making a more welcoming environment for people like her. No one validated her side, but Sloan did say they agreed with Eleanor, and that Bryn shouldn’t assume she’s the only one who’s been institutionalized. And then Bryn left the group. 

Constantly in meetings before and after this, people refer to stuff as “crazy”, and no one ever criticizes them publicly like that. And I feel like I don’t even need to say that blind siding a person, who already disclosed to all of them substantial mental health struggles, with the revelation that the group had been talking about her behind her back last meeting and now holding an intervention where they want her to answer for actions they heard secondhand that she took is, BY FAR, the most egregiously hostile environment to those with mental health struggles that I can imagine. And yet again, it was claimed to be done in the name of criticism/self-criticism. and to represent a "bourgeois line." 

I just cannot believe a person could fail to see doing that as ableist, while at the same time be so unshakably confident that “unhinged” is inherently ableist language- despite it being an extremely common word, which I have never seen used to mean crazy, and which has no etymological clue that it was previously used that way, and which wasn’t even on the very comprehensive list of ableist language to avoid, which Sloan sent after Bryn left the chat. I also think DMing someone to ask them to explain why they got angry about something you said, after that person already left the group (like clearly suggesting a desire for space and not to talk about it further), and again, like right after they disclosed their mental health history, is at best very inconsiderate of that person's emotional health in that moment.

Of course I didn’t say any of this at the time, because, as her partner, I feel like anything I say will be categorized as me “defending her” and not just considered on its own merits.

That reminds me, maybe the worst red flag was when Eleanor proposed that Red Reading Circle consider adding a rule where we all have to report all our partnerships and friendships to the group. She said it was inspired by the tyranny of structurelessness, as like a protection against informal social structures kind of covertly running a group. 

Everyone already knows Bryn and I are a couple. And there was really only like 6 of us at that point. We knew who was friends and not. So, it just felt completely unnecessary and very high control. Like so, if we notice ourselves becoming friends with someone, at some point we have to make it RRC official? And I also raised the point, okay, but what if people are in political groups together that they don’t wanna reveal in public and she was like, well they obviously wouldn’t have to. So if there’s an actual coalition of people who are all in an org together and literally share a high level of unity on theory and practice, we don’t need to know about that to prevent social relationship structures from running a group? We just need to know who’s friends with who or who’s dating who.

It’s just a lot of stuff has felt very inconsistent and targeted, and it feels like there’s a profound lack of straightforwardness, and it seems like there’s an increasing interest in monitoring/mediation of personal lives, and more interest in directly pressuring individuals to align their behavior with political views they don’t necessarily share and less interest in educating people so they have the chance to potentially further develop their political ideals. 