hey putting my messages on your feed like this was really mean. It hurt my feelings and I really don't appreciate it. I understand that we've had conflict recently but this feels out of pocket and petty, especially the part about telling me to hit myself in the head with a brick? that is not okay.

all that is independent of the fact that you completely mischaracterized my point. I'm agreeing with you and connecting your point to the wider issue of factory farming and trying to get you to connect what you're saying to the other corporations that you love (ie taco bell). They have the same practices in how they treat chickens and migrant slaughterhouse workers. linking systems of oppression is not whataboutism and it's not minimizing, if anything it's maximizing the importance of recognizing the root issue which is factory farming practices under capitalism. also I'm not a liberal I'm a leftist.



I covered your face and haven’t been telling ppl it was you.  The brick was a joke but I’m sorry it hurt your feelings.

If you stand by what you said, I’m not sure what the problem is.  I didn’t mischaracterize anything - I posted literally what you said.  I included your second message where you clarified your point and agreed about mine.  If I wanted to mischaracterize you I would’ve cropped just the first message.

The original thing was about chic fil a because of the droves Christian went there in to support the owner contributing to conversion therapy.  It was pointing out hypocrisy in specifically Christians specifically supporting chicfila.  I think we just disagree on when it is appropriate to connect specific issues to widespread problems.  I don’t think your point was relevant and it felt like you only messaged me to be contrarian / you were trying to goad an argumentative discussion.

If it makes you feel any better - people who have messaged have all said the message on the left is way worse, which I agree with fully.

you’re so quick to call people mean, Jamie, and THAT is mean.  lol.  Like when I tried to come to you about when you hurt me and you responded that my message hurt your feelings.  You dole out judgement quickly and with such self-righteousness but the smallest criticism of your actions is treated like a massive betrayal.

I’m sorry I hurt your feelings with the brick joke, but in the post you replied to, all I did was share what you said with my own perspective on it.  Someone disagreeing with you isn’t mean, and you shouldn’t take it personally.




putting my DM to you on your story and publicly making fun of me (even anonymously) is extremely mean, I honestly don't know what to tell you beyond that. I don't see how you can read that post that you made and not think that that was extremely mean. boiling it down to "disagreeing with you" feels so far away from what this post was. I think your commentary/analysis mischaracterized my point but honestly at this point I don't care about that. Saying I "loved corpo's" feels like a pretty massive mischaracterization to me when my goal is to connect the issue to more corporations.

Feel free to disagree with me literally anytime, lots of people disagree with me all the time, very few people have ever been as harsh and aggressive to me as you have been recently. when I talk to you in person or over the phone you are very reasonable and kind (even when disagreeing with me or telling me how I've hurt you), but many of your texts have been really unhinged. you have said things over text that I don't think you would ever say in person.

I didn't message you to be contrarian or wanting an argumentative discussion, I just care about factory farm workers and chickens and this is the most relevant thing to that topic that has ever come up. I know that no one ever wants to hear about factory farming which is why I never bring it up but this was literally so relevant.

I do not often call people mean, I believe the last person I called mean besides you was in 2021. I have had many discussions, arguments, and conflicts with people in my life and I can think of maybe two people that have ever spoken to me the way that you do. I think that says more about the way that you communicate than it does about the way I do. that message that I called you mean for was not "the smallest criticism" I think maybe you should read it again? you apologized for how mean it was when we talked on the phone. 

I'm trying to say this in the kindest and least self-righteous way possible, but please reflect on the way that you communicate because this is not a simple disagreement or criticism issue, you communicate extremely harshly and aggressively over text when there is conflict and it is not conducive to healthy problem-solving.



I have nothing to say to you.  You’re proving my point. Think I’m mean if you want.  I don’t care what you think anymore.

The amount of people who I’ve confided in just to find my experience is not at all unique has been very surprising and empowering.  I’m not gonna be beat down and cower anymore.  You and Rei sent me to the darkest point I’ve been at in years and then I got called ableist for asking my ONLY friends to help. 

You are a mean person from my point of view, Jamie.

I’m not gonna go back and read shit.  Those messages shattered me and I was literally dealing with psychosis when sending my own.

You pointing me back to them is cruel.  You have demonstrated a complete lack of concern for all but you and Rei’s well being and an attempt to discredit my mental illness or gaslight me to believe it’s my fault/I should do better.

I sincerely hope you and Rei enjoy each other’s company and that you both manage to secure more friends in preparation for when you burn each other again.



I love you and I'm really sorry that it ended up like this, and I'm sorry for all of the ways that my avoidance and emotional distance has affected you, I know you've been going through a lot and I'm sorry I couldn't be there for you. I've had really low spoons lately so it's been difficult. I'm sorry about your psychosis and that you've been at such a low point, I love you and I really appreciate everything that our friendship was, I will always appreciate the time that we spent together, and I wish you all the best ❤ 

*one tiny correction sorry* you said 'burn each other again' we never burned each other in the past, the only difficult time was when he killed himself in my living room and then was too ashamed to hang out with me for a few months


all I need, high and dry, morning bell, motion picture soundtrack, life in a glasshouse, true love waits

