I really don't have an estimate on time, but I definitely need a lot more time. I've had a really hard couple of weeks dealing with all of this and it's been really flaring up my anxiety. I know it's not your intention but you're making me feel very rushed about everything and about resolving this and it's making the anxiety significantly worse.

I understand that for you it doesn't feel like progress can be made without immediately engaging in conversation, but that is not how it works for me. I need time to process this on my own and with my therapist and feeling rushed into resolving it is extremely counterproductive for me.

I am really sorry that our dynamic made you feel neglected and jealous, and I'm sorry for any way that I contributed to that. That being said, it feels like your primary grievance is me not being able to emotionally support you or be there for you, and it is difficult to apologize for that when I am genuinely incapable of doing that. I understand that being there for your friends is something that you hold very highly and pride yourself on making space for, but I just genuinely do not have the mental health to be doing things like that right now, my anxiety and stress has been so bad. 

TW:Suicide
I tried to kill myself last April and just got finished with dealing with the anniversary of that and it's very upsetting for me to be expected to be leaned on emotionally when I cannot even support my own weight. I understand all of the ways that this makes friendship difficult, especially with you who values that so highly, but it does not change my capabilities. everything I've said here also applies to me vanishing for weeks or months, I understand how difficult that can be and I empathize, but I am not anywhere near a space where I can change that right now.

some of the texts that you sent last week were really harsh and upsetting, I understand that you are hurt and that is valid, but the way that you present that hurt matters a lot in maintaining healthy lines of communication between us. Since receiving those texts I have been significantly more anxious to talk about this with you either in person or over text, and I need time to process all of this before we even begin to communicate effectively on it.

I’m going to respond to this with about as much grace as I can muster because however I respond I don’t expect to be treated with the same. If I’m busy, have other things going on at home, or cannot otherwise respond in a timely manner you want, I lose. If I choose to respond to just one message, I expect a nasty text like the one I received before. If I take my time to actively watch out for my own mental well-being and not respond out of emotional reactivity, I lose. If you’re going to make the worst assumptions and jump to the meanest conclusions about me and put me in a rigged game, I would rather not play. 

I have been consistently begging you throughout this whole arc for more time and space to respond and process and I have been consistently denied that need. I understand that time and space is difficult for you and triggers your paranoia, but that need cannot, should not, and will not ever force me to respond to something when I am not emotionally prepared to. 

Your assumptions on my wants/needs/capacity and capabilities honestly just comes across incredibly ableist. You saying to me “I genuinely don't know what I've done to make you want to be so distant” would be like if I told you I don’t know what I’ve done to make you *want to be* so paranoid. You obviously don’t make an active choice in how your mental illness manifests. This "want to" kind of language is not the only example I've seen from you recently, and it does a lot of heavy lifting in vilifying the person it's used against. 

Independent of this whole conversation you should reflect on thinking that way and speaking that way because it's very hurtful not only to me but also to you, it makes every action seem like a conscious and intentional choice rather than my "avoidance" being a necessary defense mechanism for me to avoid anxiety, overwhelm, and death. I am genuinely sorry for the ways that my "avoidance" and other mental illnesses have negatively affected you and our relationship, but to be honest I'm surprised that you are surprised about the state of my capabilities, I feel like I was always extremely honest about my capabilities and what I am and am not able to provide. 

the ways that you weaponize certain therapy terms and attachment style terms against me is incredibly hurtful, it feels like you have learned to use the term "avoidant" against me like an insult without a proper understanding of why that defense mechanism exists and is often necessary to my well-being. It feels like at this point no matter what I do the moment I need any space I am labeled as "avoidant" and denied my basic needs. It feels like I have been put into a little tiny box and the complexity of my experience, needs, and abilities is being mis-categorized and ignored. 

I try my best to view you and your actions as the complex human being that you are rather than just labeling them "anxious" and shoving them to the side. I have never used this against you but it feels like mine is consistently weaponized against me. the textbook clashing between our attachment styles has been happening for months and it feels like you always want to blame everything on my end of that and my attachment style without proper awareness and self reflection of your own style and your own part in that dynamic. 

You get anxious or I self-isolate, which leads to you reaching out and lovebombing me, and then I get spooked and move further away which causes you to get more anxious and try to reach out even more urgently and intensely which causes me to become more and more avoidant. This is a super unhealthy dynamic and really weighs on both of our mental healths. I don't really know what the solution is but at this point it feels like the cycle has gotten so intense that I don't know what to do other than just completely remove myself from it for some extended period of time. I can't say how long but I think at this point it's going to be in terms of months not days or weeks.

I realize this is already superlong, but a lot of those were my general thoughts about this whole situation. I want to respond to a few specific things that you said in your last couple messages. I thought your first few messages were mostly good and I appreciated them, the last couple were not super great.

You said you need "just a bit of communication" I have put so much time and energy and effort into every response that I have sent you, the whole thing has been incredibly draining to the point where I am losing sleep and having panic attacks. After all of that energy and draining my soul into this it is incredibly frustrating and upsetting to minimize my effort by saying you need "just a bit of communication" I feel like Sisyphus rolling a ball up the slopes of the seven Hells and I'm being told that I'm not doing anything. I hope you can empathize with how frustrating that is for me, someone with as low capacity as I have right now.

I am sorry that your April was so difficult, mine was also incredibly difficult, and we are two very different people. When I have a very difficult month I need to self-isolate and hibernate through the winter, I understand that you have very different needs when you have a difficult month but I cannot exert and stretch myself beyond my means to help your needs over my own. These are not my wants or desires but my basic human needs that I need to survive, so please do not minimize them.

I feel like I've been pretty clear about needing and wanting space from you, and no I don't want you to sit at home alone, I want you to go do things with people that you love and have a great time. There was one pretty massive hiccup with the main person of that being Winter especially with the whole romantic thing at the beginning, as well as the Savior complex arc, but beyond that no please go have fun with people that you love, I have actively expressed that. 

as far as "caring too much" goes, I feel like that is a negligent and massive oversimplification/sugarcoating of your half of our anxious/avoidant relationship style. It always feels like everything I do in terms of our dynamic is picked apart, vilified, and used against me while you boil your half down into "caring too much" which feels really disingenuous and unfair. To be honest it feels like if you are going to continue saying things like that you lack the self reflection skills for us to ever have a healthy and sustainable friendship.

When I have actively said that I am not ready to talk, and need more time and space to reply, I was backed into a corner and bombarded. You can respond as you feel is necessary, and you can move the dnd campaign along without me since I’m holding up the table. I will not be opening any more messages or responding for the time being.
